---

title: "Sales Orders"
draft: false
type: Article

---

Use the sales orders report to obtain information about the revenues generated by sales and the orders available to date.

This report helps you to:

- Assess the performance of the sales representative.

- Formulate and refine your sales objectives.

- Improve the accuracy of your sales forecasts.

- Provides specific details for product and customer analysis.

The sales orders report consist of following pages:

1.  [**Overview**](sales-orders-BI.md#overview)

2.  [**Active Orders**](sales-orders-BI.md#active-orders)

3.  [**Customer Analysis**](sales-orders-BI.md#customer-analysis)

4.  [**Product Analysis**](sales-orders-BI.md#product-analysis)

> [!Tip] To view the details of a visual tile, right-click on the tile and select **Show as a Table**.

The **part number, product group** and **product class** filters are applied to all the pages in the report by default. Users can change these filters for all the pages if required.

> [!Note] To check the applied filters that are affecting a visual tile, select the tile and click the filter icon.

## Overview

### Cards

The overview page has the following cards:

**Number of Orders**: A multi-row card that displays the number of sales order with at least one line item regardless of the status filtered to the selected sales order year. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Order Quantity**: A multi-row card that displays the sum of the item quantity on the sales order, using the master release quantity for those items that are flagged as Master Release. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Order Amount**: A multi-row card that displays the sum of the item extended price on the sales order, using the master release quantity for those items that are flagged as Master Release. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

### Tiles

The overview page has the following tiles:

**Number of Orders**: An area chart that displays the number of sales order with at least one line item regardless of the status filtered to the selected sales order year.
The tile can be further filtered by number of sales orders, sales order month and sales order year.

**Order Amount by Sales Rep**: A clustered bar chart that displays number of sales order for a specific sales person filtered to the selected sales order year.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order amount and the sales person.

**Annual Performance by Product**: A line and clustered bar chart that displays the order amount compared to the order quantity for a specific product class filtered to the selected sales order year.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order amount, sales order part number, sales order product class, sales order product group and sales order quantity.

**Order Amount by Geography**: A filled map that displays the order amount specific to the state where the customer is located filtered to the selected sales order year.
The tile can be further filtered by the city, country, sales order amount and state.

**Order Quantity by Sales Order Status**: A donut chart that displays the order quantity as per the sales order status filtered to the selected sales order year.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order quantity and sales order status.

**Number of Orders by Company and Status**: A stacked bar chart that displays the number of orders by company and sales order status filtered to the selected sales order year.
The tile can be further filtered by company, number of sales orders and sales order status.

### Filters

The overview page has the following page filters:

-   Sales Order Year: The tiles and the corresponding data is filtered by the selected year as current year by default.

-   Sales Order Status

-   Sales Rep

-   Company Name

-   Customer State

-   Estimator

> [!Note] To remove the filters or to apply predefined filters on the page or the tiles, click **Reset to Default** on the menu bar.

## Active Orders

### Cards

The active orders page has the following cards:

**Number of Active Orders**: A multi-row card that displays the number of sales orders with at least one line item that are not in closed or cancelled status. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Active Order Quantity**: A multi-row card that displays the sum of the item quantity on the orders that are not in closed or cancelled status. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Active Order Amount**: A multi-row card that displays the sum of the item extended price on the orders that are not in closed or cancelled status. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Sales Order Status (Active Orders Only)**: The slicer filters the tiles by the selected status of the active orders.

### Tiles

The active orders page has the following tiles:

**Order Due**: A pie chart that displays the number of sales order based on the release due date. The legends represents the number of days for the release due date from today's date. The sales orders that are in closed or cancelled state are not included in the calculation for the chart.
The tile can be further filtered by number of active sales order and sales order due in days.

**Number of Active Orders by Order Status:** A stacked column chart that displays the number of sales orders by status. The sales order has at least one line item and are not in closed or cancelled status.
The tile can be further filtered by number of active sales orders and sales order status.

**Amount Due by Customer:** A stacked bar chart that displays the sum of the item extended price on orders by the company's customers. The legends represents the number of days for the release due date from today's date. The sales orders that are in closed or cancelled state are not included in the calculation for the chart.
The tile can be further filtered by company name, sales order due in days and sales order open amount.

**Active Order by Product**: A line and clustered column chart that displays the order amount and quantity by the product class of the orders. The sales orders that are in closed or cancelled state are not included in the calculation for the chart.
The tile can be further filtered by active amount, active quantity, sales order part number, sales order product class and sales order product group.

**Orders Due by Sales Rep:** A stacked bar chart that displays the number of sales order of a specific sales person. The legends represents the number of days for the release due date from today's date. The sales orders that are in closed or cancelled state are not included in the calculation for the chart.
The tile can be further filtered by number of sales orders, sales order due in days and sales person.

### Filters

The active orders page has the following page filters:

-   Sales Order Year: The tiles and the corresponding data is filtered by the selected year as current year by default.

-   Sales Rep

-   Sales Order Number

-   Estimator

-   Sales Order Status (Active/inactive)

-   Sales Order Release Due Date


> [!Note] Remove the filters or to apply predefined filters on the page or the tiles, click **Reset to Default** on the menu bar.

## Customer Analysis

### Cards

The customer analysis page has the following cards:

**Number of Orders**: A multi-row card that displays the total number of sales order that have at least one line item regardless of the order status. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Order Quantity**: A multi-row card that displays the sum of all the item quantities of the sales order. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Order Amount**:A multi-row card that displays the sum of all item extended prices on the sales order. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

### Tiles

The customer analysis page has the following tiles:

**Order Amount YoY:** A waterfall chart that displays the sum of all item extended prices on sales order for each month of the selected year. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release. The legends represents the increase or decrease in the order amount for the successive months and the total order amount for all the months of the year.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order amount (year over year), sales order year, sales order month and sales order date.

**Order Amount by Month:** A line chart that displays the sum of all item extended prices on sales order for each month compared to the previous month. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order amount, sales order month and sales order year.

**Discount Trend by customer:** A clustered bar chart that displays the sum of all discount amounts for the customers of a specific company.
The tile can be further filtered by order company name and sales order discount amount.

**Order Quantity by Geography:** A filled map that displays the sum of all item quantities on the sales orders product The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release.
The tile can be further filtered by city, country, sales order quantity and state.

**Customer Performance:** A line and clustered column chart that displays the order amount compared to the order quantity for the specific customer.
The tile can be further filtered by company name, sales order amount and sales order quantity.

**Order Amount by Sales Rep:** A clustered bar chart that displays the order amount for a specific sales person that is listed on the sales order.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order amount and sales representative.


### Filters

The customer analysis page has the following page filters:

-   Sales Order Year: The tiles and the corresponding data is filtered by the selected year as current year by default.

-   Customer Number

-   Customer City

-   Company Name

-   Customer State

-   Customer Country

-   Customer Type

-   Customer Territory

-   Sales Rep

-   Estimator

> [!Note] To remove the filters or to apply predefined filters on the page or the tiles, click **Reset to Default** on the menu bar.

## Product Analysis

### Cards

The product analysis page has the following cards:

**Number of Orders**: A card that displays the total number of sales order that have at least one line item regardless of the order status. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Order Quantity**: A card that displays the sum of all the item quantities of the sales order. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

**Order Amount**:A card that displays the sum of all item extended prices on the sales order. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release. It also shows the percentage increase or decrease in the numbers compared to last year. The red font color indicates a decrease while the green font color indicates an increase in numbers.

### Tiles

The product analysis page has the following tiles:

**Order Amount YoY**: A waterfall chart that displays the sum of all item extended prices on sales order for each year compared to the previous year. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release. The legends represents the increase or decrease in the order amount for the successive years and the total order amount for all the years.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order amount (year over year), sales order year, sales order month and sales order date.

**Order Amount by Product**: A line and clustered column chart that displays the sum of all item extended prices on the sales order for specific product class. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release.
The tile can be further filtered by part number, product class, product group and sales order amount.

**Order Amount by Company**: A clustered bar chart that displays the sum of all item extended prices on the sales order for specific company. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release.
The tile can be further filtered by company name and sales order amount.

**Order Amount by Geography**: A filled map that displays the sum of all item extended prices on the sales orders specific to the state where the customer is located. The sum is calculated using the master release quantity for the items that are flagged as Master Release.
The tile can be further filtered by city, country, sales order amount, sales order master release quantity and state.

**Product Performance**: A line and clustered column chart that displays the order amount compared to the order quantity for the specific product class.
The tile can be further filtered by sales order amount, sales order part number, sales order product class, sales order product group and sales order quantity.

### Filters

The product analysis page has the following page filters:

-   Sales Order Year: The tiles and the corresponding data is filtered by the selected year as current year by default.

-   Customer State

-   Sales Order Number

-   Sales Order Status

-   Estimator

> [!Note] To remove the filters or to apply predefined filters on the page or the tiles, click **Reset to Default** on the menu bar.

