---

title: "Set up a lot serial number rule (Beyond R1)"
draft: false
type: Article

---

Made2Manage allows you to customize your lot numbers to enable easy identification and tracking of the lots. You can configure your lot numbers so that they refer to the facility they originate from or the product class they belong to. Use the **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup (LOTAGS)** page to customize the generation of lot numbers. You can create different rules for lot number generation according to your requirements. The rules specified in the **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup (LOTAGS)** page are applied when the lot number is created in the **Lot/SN Detail (RECVLT)** window or the **Assign Lot/SNs to Job Orders (ASSIGN)** window.

**To create a new rule for generating a lot serial number**

1. Open the Auto Generate Lot Number Setup (LOTAGS) page.

    - Select **Utilities** > **Company Setup** > **Production** > **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup**.

    Or

    - Search for **LOTAGS** or **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup** in the **Navigation box** and then select **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup**.

   The **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup (LOTAGS)** page appears.

2. On the **Toolbar** , click **New**.

3. In the **Rule Name** field, type a unique rule name for the rule that you are creating to automatically generate the lot serial number.

4. In the **Description** field, type an appropriate description for the rule.

5. From the **Type** list, select the criteria on which you are going to base the rule.

6. Specify values in the fields indicated in the following table according to the criteria selected in the **Type** field.

    | Type           | Fields                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
    |----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
    | FAC+PROD CLASS | <ul><li>**Facility**: Select the facility from the list.<br> This is enabled only if you have defined multiple facilities for your company. <li>**Product Class**: Click the  **lookup reference**  button and select the product class in the **Lookup For Product Class** window.                            |
    | GROUP CODE     |<ul> <li>**Group Code**: Click the  **lookup reference**  button and select the group code in the **Lookup For Group Code** window.                                                                                                                                                                     |
    | VENDOR         |<ul> <li>**Vendor Number**: Click the  **lookup reference**  button and select the vendor in the **Lookup For Vendor Number** window.                                                                                                                                                                   |
    | CUSTOMER       |<ul><li> **Customer Number**: Click the  **lookup reference**  button and select the customer in the **Lookup For Customer Number** window.                                                                                                                                                             |
    | FAC+PART+REV   |<ul> <li>**Facility**: Select the facility from the list.<br> This is enabled only if you have defined multiple facilities for your company. <li> **Part No**: Click the  **lookup reference**  button and select the part in the **Lookup For Part No** window.<li> **Rev**: Type the revision number of the part. |

7. In the **Prefix:** area, specify the prefix settings that are applicable to the current rule, if required:

    1. Select the **Use Prefix** check box to indicate that a prefix must be applied to the lot serial numbers generated by the rule.

    2. In the **Prefix Default Value** field, type the value that must appear as a prefix by default for the lot serial numbers generated by the rule.

        You must specify the prefix default value if you select the **Use Prefix** check box.

    3. Select the **Prefix Alpha Only** check box to indicate that only alphabetical characters must be used for the prefix.

    4. In the **Size** field, specify the maximum size for the prefix.

        You must specify the prefix size if you select the **Use Prefix** check box.

    5. In the **Prefix Separator** field, type the character separator for the prefix.

8. In the **Suffix:** area, specify the suffix settings that are applicable to the current rule:

    1. Select the **Use Suffix** check box to indicate that a suffix must be applied to the lot serial numbers generated by the rule.

    2. In the **Suffix Default Value** field, type the value that must appear as a suffix by default for the lot serial numbers generated by the rule.

        You must specify the suffix default value if you select the **Use Suffix** check box.

    3. Select the **Suffix Alpha Only** check box to indicate that only alphabetical characters must be used for the suffix.

    4. In the **Size** field, specify the maximum size for the suffix.

        You must specify the suffix size if you select the **Use Suffix** check box.

    5. In the **Suffix Separator** field, type the character separator for the suffix.

9. To specify characters that must not appear in the lot serial number, in the **Excluded Characters** field, type the characters separated by a comma.

10. To append the system date to the lot serial numbers generated by the rule, in the **Sequence** area:

    1. Select the **Use Date Code** check box.

    2. From the **Date Code Format** list, select the date format in which you want the date to be appended.

    3. Select the **Century** check box to set the year in the date to a four-digit year (yyyy). Clear the check box to set the year to a two-digit year (yy).

11. In the **Next No In Sequence** field, type the number from which the next lot number sequence must begin.

12. To ensure that the generated lot numbers for the rule are unique, select the **Enforce Uniqueness** check box.

13. To ensure that the rules specified in the **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup (LOTAGS)** page are enforced when the lot number is created in the **Lot/SN Detail (RECVLT)** window or the **Assign Lot/SNs to Job Orders (ASSIGN)** page, select the **Enforce Rules** check box.

14. To ensure that the values setup in the **Auto Generate Lot Number Setup (LOTAGS)** page appear as default values in the **Lot/SN Detail (RECVLT)** window or the **Assign Lot/SNs to Job Orders (ASSIGN)** page, select the **Default To Auto Generate Form** check box.

    When you select the **Default To Auto Generate Form** check box, if you have selected the **Enforce Rules** check box, you cannot edit the default values that appear in the **Lot/SN Detail (RECVLT)** window or the **Assign Lot/SNs to Job Orders (ASSIGN)** page.

15. On the **Toolbar**, click **Save** .

    The **Lot No Example** field displays an example lot number for the rule created. The **Date Code Portion of SN** field displays the date portion of the lot serial number for the rule created.