---  

title: "What's New in 11.4.1.1"  
draft: false 
type: Release Note

---

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

|ID | Module | Description  
---|---|---  
245010 | Work Management | The UI has been improved with clear header and grid lines.  
265375 | Work Management |  From the Labor Activity screen, if the module is opened in full screen and if the id is invalid then the screen will be closed and the search screen will be displayed. In this case, if the module is opened in the side pane, then only the side pane will be closed.  
273437 | Work Management | The display properties are updated for the fields in the Word Order Details screen, and the users can copy the data from the field and paste it into other applications.  
293492 | Work Management | The sys query execution time has been greatly improved, for WO creation on standard request.  
293674 | Work Management | The variable for the error messages has been updated and the duplicate error messages are removed.  
303947 | Work Management | The users can print the linked ADP documents from cloud print and regular print.  
305731 | Work Management | The WebWorkR standard request will be used to create work orders only in Requester/Create Request. It will not copy the default values into the work orders.  
322807 | Work Management | The SP_Reorder is called after updating req lines data, when creating the change order directly against the purchase order and also when creating the change order by transferring a requisition change order line from the buyer's backlog.  
325774 | Work Management | The logic to pass requisition has been updated and the users can successfully create new requisition line items from work order issue material.  
259073 | Requisition | The logic has been updated to create a change order for a requisition.  
264995 | Requisition | A new rule has been added for Stores account. This enables the user to copy the stores account and buyer to the requisition, from the hierarchy.   
304190 | Requisition  | Default employee value has been removed in the employee search field when it is opened from the requisition next reviewer field.   
322804 | Requisition  | The requisition rules are updated that enable the user to approve a requisition line if the work order is completed or cancelled.  
332909 | Requisition  | Special characters are allowed for Requisition, which allows the user to create requisitions with special characters.  
303919 | Inventory | In the right pane, the contextual icon name REQUIRED is changed to ITEM REQ.  
308092 | Inventory | The scripts are updated to make the Purchase Order number as a hyperlink, which will open the purchase order module on clicking it. The Item Column is also updated to a hyperlink to open the Item module.  
317272 | Inventory | The stores_account column is added in the Inventory Masters template to allow the user to add a stores account during item creation.  
331521 | Inventory |  The process of rounding off the values is removed, and the unit cost value entered is successfully saved in the DB.  
331369 | Supplier | The drop-down values for **Ship To** and **Bill To** fields are populated and set to default based on entries in the PO Addresses table.  
192366 | Setup | In query wizard, the non-validation fields are updated as case-insensitive.  
253892 | Setup | On importing a work order, the equipment and equipment description are perfectly imported and populated.  
260803 | Setup | The access to the Analytics Custom KPI options has been updated. The options will be displayed/hidden based on the user privileges.  
305698 | Setup | The setup options and languages menu will be displayed only if it contains sub fields, based on the security access.  
322641 | Setup | The automatic issue upon receipt will be activated only when the Allow Service Contract Charges is disabled.   
244532 | Setup/Work Management | The column labels have been updated with explicit names, to improve the user experience.  
275865 | Security | Security groups can be added/removed for a task execution user.   
293920 | Security |  The highest security level assigned to a user determines the access to a given feature. If the user has update access to a feature in any security group, even if all other groups do not have access, the user will have update access to the feature.  
318819 | Security | The security group is updated to display the correct plant description for a plant.  
328494 | Security | The edit button on the work order main tab will be enabled when the **Restrict Update to WOs Entered by User** action is flagged off.   
296799 | Task Management | The version of the Task Management Application has been updated.  
305008 | Technician/Requester | The technician and requester can create a work order for equipment under warranty.  
  
## Enhancements

The section provides the information on the enhancements in this release:

ID | Module | Description  
---|---|---  
305690 | Security | The **Name License Assigned** field will not be displayed when creating a new security group.  
293837 | Task Management | A new option has been introduced to immediately execute an integration job whenever required.

