---  

title: "What's New in 11.4.1 "  
draft: false 
type: Release Note

---
  
## Features

This section provides the information on the new features introduced in 11.4.1
release.

### Advanced Purchasing

In addition to creating a purchase order, the users can create a change order,
blanket order, service contract purchase order, and release from blanket
order. The Change Order option allows the user to update the details of an
existing purchase order. The Blanket order is a contract created between the
customer and the supplier with the list of items agreed to purchase, pricing,
and the contract expiry date. The service contract purchase order allows the
users to add the service contract items on the purchase orders. You can create
the service contract purchase order on regular purchase order and blanket
order. Other key features added to the purchase order module are protecting
the supplier on PO and blanket change orders, auto issue of orders, and change
of currency with respect to the supplier location.

### Events Managements

The Events module has been added to Aptean EAM, which allows the user to
query, report, and view system generated events such as work order events and
serial installations. Users can define their own event types, create user
defined fields for each event type to track specific data points, attach
documents, execute a workflow for the event, and optionally associate the
event with an asset. This feature helps the users to document, track, and
report on (via the Query Wizard or Analytics) any organizational task or
workflow. Other key features in module are tracking safety events,
environmental events, audit findings and any needed follow up, capturing shift
notes, and accepting data feeds from 3rd party systems for visibility or
analysis.

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

ID | Module | Description  
---|---|---  
257451 | Home Page | The **Plant** field in **Home** page displays the plant code with description.  
239285  | Manage Companies | The **Export** button has been renamed to **Download Template**.  
271647 | Manage Users | From the Manage Users page, Aptean Administrators can download a list of all email addresses, names, and phone numbers for the users flagged as customer administrator.  
239317 | Manage Users | The template for adding users from the portal has been updated.  
262987 | Work Order | When a new task/sub task is created, the **Requested start date** , **Requested completion date** , **Shutdown code** , **Assigned to** , and the **custom values** are copied from the base work order.  
265849 | Work Order |  Currency symbol is added next to the currency value, in all the fields that display currency. The currency value will will be rounded to 4 digits after the decimal.<ul><li>If 3rd and 4th digit after the decimal are zeros, it will display only digits after the decimal.</li> <li>If 3rd or 4th digits after the decimal are non-zeros, it will display 4 digits after the decimal.</li> <li>If the currency value is a whole number, it will display 2 zeros after the decimal.</li></ul>|
|266182 | Work Order | The Requisition Line Detail for work order requisitions has been updated so the user cannot select the Abnormal Demand for any item that is categorized as temporary in Item Type Setup.  
286776 | Work Order |  Whenever a work order is issued/returned, the **Issue To Employee** field will be auto-populated with the name of the technician assigned to the workorder.  
300276 | Requisition | The error message has been updated properly to assist the user when selecting an inactive supplier in the **Deliver To** field, while creating a requisition.  
276391 | Requisition | For AutoPO, the Quantity requested of the item matched to a Blanket Order will not be rounded to a Whole Number.  
305003 | Requisition/Technician | Two new windows are added in the table element settings.  
298172 | Work Order | You can create a WO in Requester and Technician module when the equipment is under warranty.  
293993 | Work Order | In **Print Options** , the **Documents Marked "Print with Work Order”** option will be selected by default.  
251983 | Work Order | The complete error message is completely displayed in the time reporting cards.  
238244 | Work Order | In field mapping if the parent is modified then all the child field values will be cleared.  
263933 | Requisition  | All the special characters are allowed in the **Ask At Execution** screen that appears in the Requisition module.   
264353 | Inventory | When editing the supplier details in Inventory, the user is allowed to edit and update the part number.  
298487 | Inventory | In the **RELATED** tab of an item, you can click on the **Purchase Order** number to open it in a new tab.  
298489 | Inventory | In the **KEY STORES ACTIVITY** tab of an item, the **Purchase Order** column has been moved to the left, to improve usability.  
300280 | Inventory | After opening and closing the **ISSUE** tab, the other open tabs remain active.  
297278 | Supplier | A new column **Text Type** is introduced in the **PO Text** tab for Supplier.  
265052 | Supplier | Label for Active flag is displayed correctly while adding and updating PO text.  
284675 | Purchasing | The Show Change Order filter in the PO search is rightly updated.  
300710 | Purchasing | The users are allowed to create a requisition line for the item, even if the **Item Type Definition** is selected as **No item Created**.  
308077 | Purchasing | Both the Release initial text sequence and the Final text sequence are properly to the release.  
317734 | Purchasing | When a purchase order is printed, the company name entered in the **Manage Plant** > **Plant Description** field will be printed in the document header.  
322811 | Purchasing | After deleting a change order, you cannot make changes to the **Abnormal demand** toggle button.  
321653 | Buyers Backlog | When transferring a line to the existing purchase order, the Transfer Selected to Purchase Order pop-up will be automatically redirected to the Create Purchase Order screen.  
321654 | Buyers Backlog | When a deleted line is transferred to a purchase order, the Total cost and the Supplier Extended Cost are set to 0.  
322811 | Buyers Backlog | Once the change order line is transferred to a purchase order and the requisition is updated, the correct change order number will be populated in the Original PO Change Order column.  
305758 | Setup | The security permissions are correctly mapped for creating/updating a private query.  
259378 | Setup |  In task management, the following three security groups with different permissions are delivered by default when a new plant is created:<ul><li> Dataloader \- Access to Dataloader</li><li>Integration Administrator \- Configure and execute integration jobs</li><li>Task Management Administrator \- Configure and execute task manager jobs</li></ul>|
253844 | Setup | The number of columns is correctly displayed in the Req NB Line, as configured in Plant Override field.  
317077 | Setup | Special character titles are entirely displayed even it contain the characters **<** and **>**.  
84699 | Setup | In query wizard, the case-sensitive search has been applied to all plant columns.  
277812 | Security | A manual script is added to insert the stores location main for **taskexecution** enabling the user to upload data via dataloader.  
256550 | Security | In security groups, the Plant groups will be displayed in collapsed view, by default.  
320859 | Security | The window names for the security actions are updated.  
265098 | Equipment | You can move an equipment (which has a parent) under another equipment in the hierarchy.  
309139 | Licensing | The updates made in the employee configuration tab will be saved successfully on clicking the save button.  
320860 | Data Loader | The new options for **Blanket Lines** and **Blanket Pricing** is sorted in alphabetical order. The UI text and options such as **Blanket Lines** and **Blanket Pricing** are named with correct spaces.  
320861 | Data Loader | When uploading a spreadsheet, if the status is already added, then data loader will not process those lines.  
299146 | General | All the scroll bars are resized appropriately to improve the user experience.  
311566 | General |  The Ready for Analysis view is modified to reduce the execution time and improve performance.  
  
## Enhancements

This section provides the information on the enhancements in 11.4.1 release.

### Data loader

Data loader is enhanced with the following updates when creating blanket order
lines and updating pricing, from an Excel spreadsheet.

#### Create Blanket Order Lines

The Create Blanket Lines feature allows the user to load new lines to the
current change order of a blanket order. The blanket order must already exist
in the database to be used (this feature adds only lines, not a new blanket
order).

#### Update pricing from a spreadsheet

The update blanket pricing feature allows the user to update the price on
existing blanket lines via uploading an Excel spreadsheet load.

### Purchase Orders - Set Default Values for Due Date and Forecast Date

When the **Transfer to PO** option is selected from the **Buyers Backlog** ,
the Due Date and Forecast Date on each PO line created will be calculated as
follows:

  * If the PO line is being transferred directly from a requisition line, the **Date Required from Supplier** on the requisition line will be used as both the **Due Date** and **Forecast Date** on the PO line.

  * If the PO line is being transferred from a requisition linked to a RFQ line, the lead time entered on the awarded bid will be added to the current date (using 0 if no lead time is entered). The resulting date will then be compared to **Date Required from Supplier** on the originating requisition line, and the larger of the two values will be used as the **Due Date** and **Forecast Date** on the PO line.

Before copying the date to the PO line, the date value that was calculated
will be checked to determine whether it falls on Saturday or Sunday; and if
so, the date will be advanced to the following Monday. This date will then be
used as both the **Due Date** and the **Forecast Date** on the newly created
PO line.

### Protect Supplier ID on Purchase Orders

The **Protect Supplier on PO and Blanket Change Orders** feature has been
introduced in **Setup** > **EAM Options** , which protects the supplier ID
from being changed on any revision to a purchase order, blanket, or blanket
release.

### Purchase Order Print

When printing a purchase order document, you can print all the lines of the
purchase order, or you can print only the data applicable for the change
order.

### Buyers Backlog Security

The security in the Buyers Backlog module has been updated. When transferring
to PO/RFQ, the **Transfer to PO** /**Transfer to RFQ** option will be visible
only if the user's security groups have access to **w_po_buyers_backlog**
window, else the respective option will be hidden.

### Contextual Pane for Requisitions

A new contextual icon for Requisition has been introduced to the PO line tab
for Requisition. This icon will be displayed/hidden based on the security
access assigned to the user.

**Past Due Message**

For all purchase order lines created from requisition lines in a given plant
code, the following criteria are applied to determine whether a past due
message should be sent to the requisition line requester:

  * Purchase Order Line Current Forecast Date is < Today – 7

  * Purchase Order Line Date Completed is Null

  * Purchase Order Line Qty Ordered > Purchase Order Line Qty Received

  * Purchase Order Line Change Ordered Flag = 0 // latest change order

  * Purchase Order Line Date Marked as Deleted is Null

  * Purchase Order Line Item is set up as Auto Issue Upon Receipt

  * Purchase Order Date Entered in last 60 days

  * Purchase Order date Closed is Null

  * Requisition Line Quantity Issued = 0

For each purchase order line meeting the criteria, a message will be inserted
into the message log for the requisition line requester, requesting the user
to investigate whether the receipt should be entered, or the Current Forecast
Date should be updated.

This message is also sent to the requester via email at a later time,
depending on the user’s messaging setup.

### Blanket Order Lines and PO Text update

When adding a line to the blank order, you cannot add duplicate line items to
the blanket, and you cannot add temporary items to the blanket.

### Allow Multiple Manufacturer Part Numbers

In **Setup Options** > **EAM Options** > **Inventory** , the **Allow Multiple
Manufacturer Part Numbers** option is introduced to enable/disable the item
list in inventory and requisitions. If the **Multiple Manufacturer Part
Numbers** option is set to **Yes** , then the **SELECT FROM ITEM LIST** option
will be displayed to allow the user to select the items from the list.

