---  

title: "What's New in 11.4.2.1"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

ID | Module | Description  
---|---|---  
324694 |  Work Management |  The process of importing a requisition from a source work order to a target work order has been optimized for better performance.  
255384 |  Work Management |  Users can click the refresh button on the Requisition card to retrieve a requisition created from the planning tab.  
328496 |  Work Management |  An access check has been added to control the availability of the **Create Purchase Order** action button in the Work Order module.  
324709 |  Work Management |  The Spire has been upgraded to version 7.7.6 to ensure seamless printing of documents marked as **Print With WO** in the Work Order Print.  
373522 |  Work Management / Inventory |  The controller definition type has been changed for seamless Work Order Import and Inventory Import.  
332145 |  Work Management |  When a new routine work order is created with a valid value for the next reviewer, the message log will contain the message ID **WONeedsReview** if the conditions specified in the rule are met. The **WONeedsReview** message will be generated appropriately. For more information on the conditions specified in the rule, refer to the section in the user guide.  
307925 |  Work Management |  The Libre 128 has been updated to Libre 39 to make the printed barcodes scannable.  
264239 |  Work Management |  When the value of **wo_work_order.shop** is **IHE-SPO** , if a user selects a base work order (WO) to print, both the tasks and subtasks will be printed. If a task is selected, only the task will be printed. And if a subtask is selected, only the task associated with the subtask will be printed.  
356201 |  Work Management |  Changes have been made to group requisition lines based on delivery in the WO Print.  
378038 |  Work Management |  Logic has been added to copy equipment fields to the quick work order.  
283266 |  Work Management |  resolved by adding a check to address this scenario. The check ensures that a blank page is not added when printing only the permit.  
265639 |  Work Management |  The Add requisition button now functions properly after the add icon is moved to the left and the container for the Edit button was reduced in width.  
293488 |  Work Management |  To improve performance, a cf_work_order computed column has been added to the wo_work_order table, and all queries that were using wo_v_computed_columns.cf_work_order have been modified to use wo_work_order.cf_work_order.  
356202 |  Work Management |  Changes have been made to group requisition lines based on delivery in the Shop Order WO Print, improving the accuracy of grouping the delivery and requisition line details.  
297186 |  Work Management |  The Cost Post History cannot be deleted. To offset a transaction, a negative amount must be entered. To accommodate this, the field has been updated to accept negative amounts.  
255098 |  Work Management | The date validation logic has been changed to accept alternative date formats.  
321239 |  Work Management | The correct completion by User ID is being displayed in the correct order by time in the Work Order Completion tab and the Work Order Activity Log.  
336716 |  PM Schedules |  When creating a PM schedule, only the base work order will be displayed in the Master Plan search result.  
336718 |  PM Schedules |  You can select and delete multiple PM schedules from the query wizard grid.  
241084 |  PM Schedule |  The query migration utility has been updated to include the equip_serial_ind in all queries where the value is missing. For all newly created queries, the equip_serial_ind has been set as the default column.  
371592 |  Requisition |  The PO Description will not be protected if the requisition type is **Reorder/Repair** and it's not approved. The supplier fields will be enabled or disabled based on the **allow_entry_of_purch_desc** flag.  
280209 |  Requisition |  After a change order is cancelled, if the requisition line is null, a value will be retrieved from the requisition header and sent to the requisition line.  
268807 |  Requisition |  The requisition **ditto** functionality has been verified to function correctly when the user's setup preferences specify that they want to copy data from the previous requisition line while creating a new line.  
241058 |  Requisition |  A contextual icon for items has been added to the requisition module.  
367315 |  Requisition |  The columns in the query have been reordered based on their importance.  
372280 |  Requisition |  An error message has been added to alert if the accounting details are null.  
378293 |  Equipment |  Calibration Expire Date and Last Calibration Date will be displayed even if the description is changed in the main tab.  
331102 |  Inventory |  For any item, you can set the quantity of an item to zero and save it in the item module.  
371593 |  Inventory |  A label filter has been added to only show item type **Receipt**.  
336104 |  Inventory |  A check was performed on the favorite queries to ensure that only accessible queries are displayed under the favorite tab.  
286777 |  Inventory |  The **Issued Quantity** field has been made required and the user will now be automatically taken to this field by default.  
333214 |  Inventory |  The contextual icon name for **details** has been changed to item in the cycle count.  
379924 |  Inventory |  Changes have been made to update the original value when the current value is entered.  
284675 |  Purchasing |  The PO search filters have been updated. If the checkbox is checked, all POs including change orders will be displayed, and if the checkbox is not checked, only the POs with change order flag set to 0 will be displayed.  
345041 |  Purchasing |  The **Target PO** , **Target PO Line** , **Target Release** , and **Change Order Action** fields have been added to the **po_v_bb_all** view, making them available in the All Backlogs query wizard. Users can now add these fields to any All Backlogs query as required.  
349594 |  Purchasing |  The tool ribbon and contextual icons options are available when opening any search screen before a search has been performed. The export button is disabled when the search screen is opened and will only be enabled after a search has been performed.  
324224 |  Purchasing |  The supplier and buyer have been added to the PO receipts header, and an icon has been added for the long description.  
377190 |  Purchasing |  The PO Receipt contextual button has been disabled for blanket orders. In the query result view, if a PO Receipt is selected for a blanket order, an error message will be displayed  
418112 | Purchasing | A check for blanket orders has been added, and the default value for the requested quantity on each line is set to 0.  
378513 |  RFQ |  The variable used to indicate that a requisition does not exist was incorrect. The correct variable has been updated and is now being used for requisition in the RFQ.  
376766 |  RFQ |  Changes have been made to retrieve the default 'respond to' and 'ship to' addresses for a new RFQ.  
378515 / 378520 |  RFQ |  A null check has been added for Requisition lines that do not exist on an RFQ line when the unaward process is initiated.  
377159 |  RFQ |  The extended description is now being copied from the Requisition line to the RFQ line, and the buyer has been added to the header screen.  
381467 |  RFQ |  After entering a value in the combo box, the validation will occur only when the focus leaves the stores location.  
281094 |  Setup |  The data from the **zz_elements** and **zz_user_elements** tables has been retrieved and evaluated for usage. If the data is being utilized, it will be shown in the Query Wizard.  
317233 |  Setup |  The item type join has been removed from the test custom query to avoid returning unnecessary data when the item type has changed.  
330155 |  Setup |  A new column named **order_id** has been added to the table **zz_window_element_hyperlink_params**.  
256559 |  Setup |  In Setup Options, the logic for disabling the Details and highlighting the label has been updated.  
317243 |  Setup |  The delete button has been relocated within the function that disables buttons after a criteria is deleted.  
324690 |  Setup |  You can get both the code and description for a drop-down menu, based on the setting in the setup options.  
247176 |  Setup |  When a user tries to edit a query with an Alternate_Sql and isQueryOverridden, a prompt will appear asking if they want to save the query. They will be warned that saving the query will clear its Alternate_Sql. Choosing 'yes' will save the query and clear the Alternate_Sql, while choosing 'no' will preserve the Alternate_Sql. The Alternate_Sql must be manually inserted into the database.  
415243 |  Setup |  The work class has been updated to eq_class for wo_vpm_schedule and the class description has been updated in zz_value_search.  
303696 |  Setup |  After translation, the validation code list will be re-sorted based on the translated text.  
251344 |  Setup |  The following changes have been made to the Requisition Query Wizard to get recommended supplier name: A new join_id (103) has been added in zz_qw_table_relationship to join in_req_line with po_supplier with the category "req supplier". Insertions have been made in zz_qw_table_relationship_col and zz_qw_extra_column for the same join_id. Join_id-78 & 94 have been deleted from zz_qw_default table for the requisition module (Basic).  
374154 |  Setup |  A new join has been added from the in_repair_log to the in_req_line table, allowing the columns to be joined correctly. Join ID 335 has been added to the zz_qa_table_relationship table with a category of "Repair Requisition".  
355588 |  Security |  The security permission has been updated: When the PermissiveTableElementAccess setting in the setup option is disabled, if a user has access to two groups 'All Access' and '3PAllaccess' where the Affects field Security flag is enabled, and if the user changes the table element access in one of the groups and disables the edit permission, it will pick the lowest permission from the se_table_element_access, i.e. the changes made in the 'All Access' group as it has the lowest permission (view=1 and edit=0). When the PermissiveTableElementAccess setting in the setup option is enabled, if a user has access to two groups 'All Access' and '3PAllaccess' where the Affects field Security flag is enabled, and if the user changes the table element access in one of the groups and disables the edit permission, it will first check the se_user_assign table. If any group is not present in se_table_element_access, it will always take the highest permission (view=1 and edit=1). If all groups are present in se_table_element_access, it will pick the highest permission (either 0 0 or 1 0 combination for view and edit) from se_table_element_access.  
259934 |  Security |  Unused powerpanel related security windows have been removed in the EAM system. The only used powerpanel security window, 'w_dd_powerpanel', has been replaced with 'w_dd_setup.  
331736 |  Security |  The main menu will not be displayed if the user does not have access to any of its child items. For instance, if a user lacks access to the 'Event Search' and 'Create Event' menus, the main 'Events' menu will not be visible in the left navigation panel.  
300709 |  Security |  Code has been added to include the template in the table name drop-down.  
265408 |  General |  Messages containing the word "module" have been updated to use the word "module" instead.  
347468 |  General |  The code has been updated to accept both lowercase and uppercase (case-insensitive) input files for integration.  
374842 |  General |  The print performance has been improved, and the information of 'Supplier' has been added to the header of every page to further enhance performance.  
307701 |  General |  The columns in the cycle count grid have been arranged in the proper order.  
257435 |  General |  A close icon has been added to close the current tab and eliminate the need for scrolling.  
378392 |  General |  The visibility of these APIs has been set to false to hide them from appearing in Swagger.  
375212 |  General |  A new field "Schedule Last Execution Date" has been added on the PM Schedule screen, which displays the value from the wo_pm_schedule.last_exe_date field. This field is read-only and cannot be changed by the user. It will only be visible if the last_exe_date has a value.  
342979 |  General |  The copy-paste functionality for fields that were not previously copying has been added to the Tenant Portal.  
380952 |  General |  The deletion code has been removed to ensure that during synchronization, access for an end-user is never removed if it is already present. Security permissions will now be handled by the EAM administrator.  
373294 | General | The Combination Business Rule (CBR) has been updated to validate combinations only when all three required fields (area, department, and account) are present.  
374810 | General | The Combination Business Rule (CBR) has been updated to insert a record in the extract table when the parent record changes.  
339985 | General | An API validation has been added to run a common CBR check before adding the information of the account, area, and department.  
259923 |  Task Management |  The code has been updated to accurately filter the rows by task if it is a scheduled task.  
372370 |  Task Management |  The printWO task includes a QueryName field instead of a criteria field. The user can enter a query name, which will retrieve all the valid work orders for the printWO task.  
294330 |  Task Management |  The "Export Data" button has been removed from the Task Instance pop-up screen.  
374125 |  Task Management |  An email will be sent only once when a user subscribes to "Administrator" messages.  
355593 |  Task Management | The processing flow is altered to prioritize the work order data, in order to load the master plans and PM schedules properly.  
376362 |  Manage Plants |  The spread operator has been replaced with Object.assign() methods in all places in the Tenant Portal UI, making the portal work correctly.  
336054 |  WebApps |  The trim on the Object in scheduling has been removed to avoid errors or spinning in the Scheduling module's drag-and-drop work order functionality.  
415365 |  Repairables |  The serial ID has been updated in the PO Receipt (Xrecp) transaction when receiving an outside repair of a serialized item, improving accuracy and completeness of the transaction.  
331753 |  Dataloader |  Changes have been made to ensure that the backend accurately picks up the remarks data.

