---  

title: "What's New in 11.4.2"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---
  
## Features

This section provides the information on the new features introduced in 11.4.2
release.

### Response for Quote

Request For Quote (RFQ) module has been introduced to create a RFQ to plan the
future purchases. It allows you to solicit information from the suppliers and
potential suppliers, evaluate the returned bids, and to award bid items. This
module enables you to transfer a requisition to an RFQ first then to a new
Purchase Order or to an existing Purchase Order. It is created with a complete
process of creating a RFQ, assign the buyer, issuing the RFQ to supplier,
bidding, awarding, transferring the purchase order, and closing the RFQ.

### Repairables

Repairables enables the user to configure the items as repairable and allowing
the repairable items to pass through a repair process, to restock it to the
inventory. You can issue the repairable items from picklist, item search,
requisition, and work order. It also includes a repair log using which you can
create repair log, return for repair, issue for repair, restock, and scrap the
items.

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

ID | Module | Description  
---|---|---  
293488 | Work Management | The cf_work_order computed column is added to the wo_work_order table, and the queries using the wo_v_computed_columns.cf_work_orders are modified to use wo_work_order.cf_work_order, to improve the performance.  
326434 | Work Management | The Supervisor field in the WORK ORDER screen is updated to case insensitive.  
326615 | Work Management | When issuing material to a work order, if the AssignedTo field is empty then the LoggedInUser name will be populated in the Assigned to field.  
332145 | Work Management | The rule conditions for a routine work order have been updated, and appropriate messages will be sent for WONeedsReview, WOApproved, WOApprovalCancelled WORejected, and WORejectedNextRvw.  
321251 | Work Management | When creating a new PO, Blanket, Release, or CO:<ul><li>In create mode, emails from po_supplier_rfx_email of that particular supplier will be properly displayed on the screen, and while creating they will be copied into po_purchase_order_rfx_email.<>/li<li> In edit mode, the emails of that particular purchase order from po_purchase_order_rfx_email will be properly displayed.</li></ul>
332126 | Work Management | The users with Full Work Order Req-Update-Full access can create work order requisitions against unapproved work orders in plants using WO approval. A popup error message ReqWoNotApproved will be displayed, if the user has Work Order Req-Update-Maint Tech access.  
318382 | Work Management | The users can edit and update the description on the task work order.  
349547 | Work Management | The business rule is updated to populate the approver field even though the work order approval process is turned off.  
305726 | Work Management | The WebWorkR SR template work order is not used in EAM, and when SRs are selected to create a new work order, all of the data (except the equipment) in the SR are successfully copied to the new work order object. The **import work order** function has been updated and the data is imported successfully into WO.  
324226 | Work Management | In the **Work Order** > **Planning** screen, the cards are properly aligned, without leaving a gap to avoid scrolling the page.  
326434 | Work Management | The supervisor/planner text has been updated to case insensitive.  
351924 | Work Management | The shop field is retrieved from **zz_values_search** that cannot be overridden at the application level. The shop field dropdown will be displayed irrespective of validation flag is on/off in the Table element settings.  
355345 | Work Management | The migration script that changes the supervisor, planner, and the stores approver text to lower case, has been deleted.  
355541 | Work Management | When a PM-Work Order is generated manually from a PM schedule, the priority will be populated on the PM work order.  
313021 | Requisition | Additional Checks are added to the Work Order Req-Update-Full Access, which enables the Abnormal demand field to honor the Table element settings.  
332140 | Requisition | The requisition picklist print document is updated and formatted properly.  
322760 | Requisition  |  The Approval/Review screen will have the Approval/Review option and the Cancel Requisition screen will have the Cancel option, appropriately.   
337075 | Requisition | In the Add Activity section, the comments field is updated to the text area, which allows the user to view the complete content.  
300571 | Requisition |  The fields in the Requisition modules are updated so that:<ul><li> when the quantity is updated, the total charges are displayed correctly.</li> <li>Tax field acts as not required when the Tax field is marked as not required and not validated.</li> <li>Tax field acts as required, when the Tax field is marked as required and validated. </li><li> An error message will be displayed when an inactive supplier is entered. </li>
192176 | Requisition | The logic of unit cost in EAM has been revised. To understand more ont he logic of the unit cost, refer to the section, in the user guide.  
363957 | Requisition | For Reorder Requisition, the unit cost will be displayed blank when the unit cost is zero.  
355352 | Requisition | The Requisition Line Rule has been updated for the default Stores account and Default buyer. When the OutsidePurchaseFlag is false the outside purchase fields will not be defaulted from inventory.  
343106 | Equipment | When the user navigates to a document module, the module information of the document will be automatically refreshed, and the latest information will be displayed.   
324724 | Equipment | The Documents context icon is added to the Hierarchy page in Equipment.  
343096 | Equipment |  When a user clicks on the Document icon, an error message will be displayed. If the item does not have a document, or the catalog or MPN does not have documents.  
278193 | Inventory | The users can edit all the configurations for the stores location.  
331732 | Inventory | The module title will include the item description.  
331737 | Inventory | On the Inventory page, the security for the ADJUST QTY option has been updated.  
324213 | Inventory | The validation codes should be created in all lower cases, to use them in the Inventory item > Approved By field.  
253671 | Inventory | The metadata for the stores activity query wizard has been updated to avoid duplication of SIC codes from joins.  
192176 | Inventory | The **allow_entry_of_unit_cost** flag has been updated in the in_control_types table. When this flag is enabled/set as true, the users are allowed to enter/modify the Unit Cost. When this flag is Disabled/set as false, the users are not allowed to enter/modify the Unit Cost.  
251927 | Inventory | Added the WoParts contextual icon to fetch issue and return activity.  
307700 | Inventory | In the cycle count page, the layout has been fixed with height, to expand the card to display the data on the entire screen.  
241462 | Supplier | In the Ecatalog section, the Catalog drop down menu properly lists all the active catalogs. In the Supplier Main section, the FOB drop down appropriately displays the values of code and description available in the DB.  
317096 | Purchasing | The PO Receipt UI has been enhanced to improve the user experience.   
332908 | Purchasing | The rule for PO Due Date field has been updated to improve the user experience. The user can enter any date in the due date field and save the line, but the user cannot issue the PO if the due date is invalid.  
343096 | Purchasing |  When creating a new PO:<ul><li>If the Email toggle button is turned off, the Email Address field is optional.</li><li> If the Email toggle button is turned on, the Email Address field is mandatory.</li></ul>
347039 | Purchasing | The rule on the auto-issue has been updated and the items will be received properly when the item type is **automatic issue upon receipt**.  
327367 | Purchasing | Changing the supplier always updates the supplier information for the new supplier.  
342325 | Purchasing | The Text Content column of the PO text properly displays the actual content.  
359945 | Purchasing | The Qty in receiving on the inventory item location is correctly updated during the Xrecp transaction when the conditions are met.  
324690 | Purchasing | You can display both code and description for combobox fields based on the setting in the setup options.  
354251 | Purchasing | A condition to check the Qty has been added and the error message has been updated.  
336038 | Buyers Backlog | The Ready for Quote Only query is updated to exactly check the change order action for is checking the change order action for deleted change orders.  
326405 | Setup | A security check for Define Public Query security action has been added. The users who don't have the access, cannot create or edit public queries, but the users can copy the public queries to create private queries.  
331104 | Setup | In the new plant, the zz_window_actions security access will be provided to AllAccess group.  
333196 | Setup |  The PO text library selection for inventory will be displayed when po_control.use_text_library_flag=1. A new card **Options** is added to display the po_control.use_text_library_flag as a toggle button, which enables the user to change it.  
346369 | Setup | The filter parameters such as Table Name= in_req, Column Name= requisition, and Parameter Value = workorder are passed to the SYS_Requisition Planning query in Requisition search, to fetch the planned parts related to a particular workorder.  
350619 | Setup | You can successfully save the query even when the **date marked as deleted** field is empty.  
328769 | Setup | The is_secured flag has been changed to 0 for **Code-Event-Type Inquiry** and **Code-Event-Type Update** actions, do that you can add user defined event types from validation codes.  
332900 | Security | The Event Power panel option has been added in the Module Availability screen, which allows the Aptean administrator to enable the events module.   
331103 | Security | The users can add multiple stores locations, and edit or delete the existing store locations.  
305692 | Security | The script in zz_window_actions has been updated to allow the customer to access the session manager.  
355588 | Security | A flag (DisableOverridesAllGroups) has been added in the Settings, which allows the user to take highest access allowed in any of the user groups.  
304196 | Requester | Instead of using 'WebWorkR' as the name for WebWorkRequestor Template, now the code has been updated to fetch the template from TabWareOptions. By default, it is blank, users can create and set the template as per their casing, and can be used as thetemplate for creating Requestor.  
372374 | Task Management | StorageContainerName in the tm_task_parameter has been updated to avoid any error when running a task for a specific work order number.  
374133 | Repairables | The Stores Location field has been updated to filter only the stores location from Item Note book.  
321244 | General | In the Change Plant pop-up window, the user can see both the plant name and the plant description when changing the plant.  
345379 | General | The syncing mechanism is updated for a perfect portal sync.  
324246 | General | The end user will be able to update notifications and preferences windows.  
332143 | General | The end users can successfully update notifications and preferences according to the requirement.  
345504 | General | The Query Names will be properly displayed under the respective Module Name in the Favorite menu.  
245506 | General | When you open EAM, all the sub menus will be collapsed by default, and you can expand only one option at a time.  
313528 | General | In the shop order print, all the labels and values in the requisition are left aligned. The line under the requisition section has been changed to a single line. The stores location is added under the description.  
300805 | General | New security access has been added for Update-Subscribe User Messages and Update-Subscribe Job Function. By default, the new security access is added for AllAccess and ApteanAdminstrator groups. This also provides notification on the subscription added.  
373294 | General | CBR has been updated to validate combinations, only if all the three entries (account, area, and department) are available.

