---  

title: "What's New in 11.5"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---
  
## Feature

This section provides the information on the new feature introduced in 11.5
release.

### Shipping Order

The Shipping Order feature has been introduced to enable users to create and
manage shipping orders. Users can create a shipping order from the Inventory,
Requisition, Purchase Order, and Repair Logs. Users can either create a new
shipping order for existing lines or transfer lines to an existing shipping
order from a requisition, purchase order, or repair log.

After creating a shipping order, users can forward for approval, approve,
reject, cancel, print, or delete a shipping order. The contextual pane for the
modules has also been updated to use the Shipping Order feature.

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
373725 |  Work Management |  The prompt message that appears while creating a new work order by copying from a standard request has been updated.  
418113 |  Work Management |  The process of creating a new work order (routine) from a standard request has been made more seamless, resulting in an improved user experience. In the Create Work Order screen, check boxes are introduced in the Work Order and Standard Request columns, which enables the use to select the record.  
442837 |  Work Management |  The Work Order Comments will be arranged in descending order, with the most recent comment appearing at the top of the list. The timestamp for each comment will be retrieved from Webapps.  
431399 |  Requisition |  The message text associated with message_id **UnitCostIsZero** has been updated to **Unit Cost is 0**.  
258928 |  Employee |  In the **Configuration** tab, the mandatory fields will be notified only in the edit mode.  
277261 |  Inventory |  The X icon will be displayed at the top right of the screen, which is used to close the screen.  
331053 |  Inventory |  The Quantity at a Glance feature retrieves the correct value for Qty On Hand field, even if it is less than zero.  
439364 |  Inventory |  When a requisition is created from the inventory search page, the corresponding line item will be displayed without any errors on the requisition page.  
377190 |  Purchase Order |  The **Qty Received** field will be displayed in read-only mode for blank orders.  
380970 |  Purchase Order |  The condition **qty_tran > 0** has been included for the **Serial_id_missing** rule, and the location is checked against this condition before applying the **sparesholding** rule. This allows serialized items to be marked as completed in a transaction, even if no quantity or serial ID is entered.  
329771 |  Query Wizard |  The validation logic check has been updated to handle multiple plants.  
332924 |  Query Wizard |  A check has been implemented to handle the storage of the query during the saving process.  
350932 |  Query Wizard |  The **contains** functionality has been added to the **endswith** records in the query wizard screen, to enable the users to search for equipment descriptions with leading **%**.  
380207 |  Query Wizard |  A null check has been added to ensure the query is saved successfully when adding custom column in the Criteria.  
431428 |  Events Management |  The CodeDescription element has been associated with an array, to allow users to choose the analysis code when creating a new event or work order.  
431430 |  Events Management |  When an event is completed, the completion time will be displayed in the user's local time zone.  
263398 |  General |  When editing a field in a module, the cursor will be positioned at the beginning of the field.  
448579 |  General |  The integration platform has been updated to generate formatted XMLs.  
378150 |  Manage Plants |  The default sort order has been updated to sort the plant list by plant codes.  
378790 |  Manage Plants |  The data-time comparison is performed using the time offset against UTC, to prevent errors when a plant and client have different country codes but the same offset.  
278147 |  WebApps |  The schedule date is set correctly when you schedule a work order by craft.  
304196 |  WebApps |  The hardcoded name **WebWorkR** for the WebWorkRequestor Template has been updated in the code. The template is now fetched from TabWareOptions. If no template is set, the user can create and set a template with the desired casing, which can then be used for creating a Requestor.  
432920 |  WebApps |  The WebApps frontend has been updated to include the serialId as a parameter when communicating with the API, ensuring synchronization, and enabling users to create work orders using serial numbers.

