---  

title: "What's New in 11.5.1 "  
draft: false 
type: Article

---
  
## Resolved Issues

The following issues were addressed in this release:

Bug ID | Module | Description  
---|---|---  
313528 | Work Management | The shop order print document had some alignment and formatting issues. Now, the shop order print document is improved with corrected formatting, long description, position, alignment, and size. The Stores Location is moved below the description in requisition section.  
373721 | Work Management | New functionality has been added to QuickWO that allows copying from a standard request and creating tasks and subtasks associated with it, similar to the functionality available in New WorkOrder.  
449502 | Work Management | An inquiry-only user is able to access WO Search tool ribbon options, such as **new** and **delete** , even though they are disabled in the Work Order itself. To fix this issue, the security has been updated for the buttons.  
449520 | Work Management | A user with inquiry-only access to the work order was allowed to add, edit, or delete resources, which can cause inconsistencies in the data and affect the overall work order process. To prevent unauthorized access to the work order resources, the Planning tab Edit button is updated with its own security setting **w_wo_book_eu_main.Planning Tab Standard Request Update**. This security setting should be based on the work order type, so that only authorized users can make changes to the resources.  
451985 | Work Management | Users who did not have the proper security access to create requisitions were still able to see the **\+ sign** icon on the Requisitions card. This could be confusing and misleading for these users, as they may think they have the ability to create requisitions when they do not. To address this issue, the **Create new requisition** icon has been hidden for users who do not have the appropriate security access (w_req_main,New).  
454007 | Work Management | When using the WO Parts functionality, the search takes at least 1 minute to return even when there is no data present. To address this issue, an update has been made to the system in the zz_user_elements module. Specifically, the text_case field has been updated to ensure that it is set to **upper** case. This update will ensure that the search function for WO Parts runs more efficiently, even when no data is present.  
454098 | Work Management | The status change option was available even when the user does not have the appropriate security access. The user was allowed to enter data and proceed with the change before being stopped. Now, the security access for the status change option has been updated to ensure that it is only available to users who have the necessary permissions. The security access has been added to the **w_wo_status_eu.Inquiry** window, which controls access to the status change functionality.  
454103 | Work Management | The default selection of the **Status Change Only** radio button was not selected in plants that do not use WO approvals. Now, the logic has been updated to check whether the plant uses WO approvals or not. Based on this, the appropriate radio button label is displayed and the **Status Change Only** radio button is selected by default if WO approvals are not used in the plant. This will help to avoid confusion and ensure that the correct option is selected by default.  
459202 | Work Management | There is no security access for Rename Equipment, resulting in tool ribbon options not consistently hidden for a user with inquiry-only access, specifically Rename Equipment. To fix this, a new security access (w_sy_rename.Equipment-New) has been added to ensure that only users with the appropriate security access can access the Rename Equipment tool ribbon option.  
459207 | Work Management | Users without access to create any type of work order were allowed to create a Quick Work Order (WO). To fix this, new security access were added for Quick WO creation and navigation panel. Added security access **w_wo_quick_wo.Emergency New** and **w_wo_quick_wo.Routine New** for creating new Quick WOs. Added security access **w_wo_book_eu_main.Work Order Tab New** for creating new Work Orders. Added security access **w_wo_book_eu_main.Work Order Tab Emergency New** and **w_wo_book_eu_main.Work Order Tab Routine New** for creating new Emergency and Routine Work Orders in the Work Order tab of the navigation panel.  
318426 | Work Management | Previously, changing the work order status from a completed status range (70-79) to a lower status would result in an error. The issue has been fixed. Now, the status change is allowed when transitioning from a completed status range (70-79) to a lower status within the valid range (<70).  
447746 | Work Management | When creating a work order, there was an issue where the description was not being copied from the Service Request (SR) when data_translate was enabled. However, the issue has been resolved by allowing the copying of description from the SR and displaying it when data_translate is enabled.  
452081 | Work Management | Previously, analysis codes were not being displayed based on field-mapped values when the work order management screen was already opened. However, this issue has been resolved, and now the analysis code values are correctly displayed based on the field-mapped values.  
454979 | Work Management | Previously, there was an issue where user preferences were not being selected when default values were provided for printing Work Order (WO) selections. To resolve this issue, the checkboxes for printing WO selections are now checked/unchecked based on the default values retrieved from the **sy_user_setup** table and the User WO print selections are saved in the database based on the last selection made, ensuring that the preferences are retained for future use.  
461138 | Work Management | Previously, there was an issue where the Repair Requisition Card appeared when expanding and collapsing the instructions or resource card in the planning tab, even if no repair requisition card was associated with the work order. To address this issue, a modification was made to display the Repair Requisition Card only if there is an actual repair requisition card associated with the work order.  
461239 | Work Management | There was a change in behavior where linking documents from the Document Management System (DMS) did not immediately appear in the document panel. The page needed to be refreshed for the linked documents to be displayed. To address this issue, the document view has been updated to ensure that when documents are linked from the DMS, they are promptly shown in the document panel without requiring a page refresh.  
265732 | Work Management | The Rate Name (Item Specific Setup) field was being automatically filled with the Description instead of the Code, which resulted in an error when attempting to save the record after editing. This issue has been resolved, and the Rate Name field now functions according to the setup options.  
459768 | PM Schedule | The business rule for message PMRollupError1 and the general rules for wo_control.use_pm_rollup_flag and wo_pm_schedule.ignore_rollup_flag were not implemented correctly. As a result, when wo_control.use_pm_rollup_flag is OFF and a PM schedule is edited with wo_pm_schedule_open_pm_prevents_flag= 1, the message PMRollupError1 was displayed in error. To address this issue, the business rule (WO-116-PM-OPTIONS-EDIT4) is corrected to properly implement the rules for wo_control.use_pm_rollup_flag and wo_pm_schedule.ignore_rollup_flag.  
459794 | Requisition | The Ship To and Return To fields is implemented properly. Following are the implementations: Shipping Address is now editable and required. Shipping Address is defaulted based on supplier from po_supplier_addresses. Ship To is not a required field. Ship To drop-down now contains valid values based on supplier number. Return To is now defaulted to in_shipping_order.return_address_code or po_addresses.address_code if null.  
461236 | Requisition | When editing a Requisition Line with a value in po_purchase_order, an error occurs related to the PO length which should not be editable. This issue has been fixed and only the PO number is sent without the release number. Also, the code has been updated to check the conditions if the edit function is allowed for UOM or not.  
318409 | Requisition | The Qty Required and the Qty Reserved fields were not displayed in the requisition module sys query by default. Now, the Qty Required and the Qty Reserved fields are added in the requisition module, and the columns are reordered for better user experience.  
431399 | Requisition | The message text associated with the Message ID **UnitCostIsZero** has been revised to **Unit Cost is 0** from its previous version **Unit Cost is having Zero**.  
435846 | Requisition | Editing the data on a saved requisition line that is matched to a blanket order used to resulted in the removal of the AutoPO value from the buyer field. Now this issue has been fixed this issue and the AutoPO value will be included in the buyer field when the requisition line matches with the blanket order line.  
436466 | Requisition | Users who do not have security access to the Manufacturer and Part Number fields were still able to edit them. This has caused a security concern and required a fix. Now the assignment for the Manufacturer and Part Number fields as not protected, has been removed. As a result, users without the necessary security access will no longer be able to edit these fields.  
449495 | Requisition | An inquiry-only user is able to access the Requisition Search tool ribbon options, such as **new** and **delete** , even though they are disabled in the Requisition itself. To address the issue of unauthorized access to Requisition Search tool ribbon options by inquiry-only users, we have implemented additional security measures. Specifically, we have restricted access to actions such as **new** , **delete line** , and **delete requisition** for users with inquiry-only permissions.  
373818 | Requisition | As part of the 11.4.2.1 release, the insertion scripts for the Reorder queries were provided. However, due to a requested change in criteria, updating the criteria using the 11.5.1 update statements could cause script errors during execution (such as a duplicate primary key error) if the user has already modified any criteria. Because the requested changes are essential for the queries, the only solution is to delete the previously inserted queries from 11.4.2.1 and then reinsert them into 11.5.1 with the updated criteria.  
329855 | Requisition | After issuing a new requisition item line, it was not automatically updated on the screen to the left of the requisition screen. To address this, a loader has been added, and now the line appears automatically on the screen to the left of the requisition screen.  
373818 | Requisition |  The following queries are added to the query wizard. By default, access has been granted to the **AllAccess** and **Storeroom Mgr** groups. <ul><li> **All reorder** : This query displays both system-generated requisitions (open and approved) and manual reorder requisitions (open and approved).</li><li> **Open Reorder** : This query displays all system-generated open requisitions and manual open reorder requisitions.</li><li>**Approved Reorder** : This query displays both system-generated approved requisitions and manual approved reorder requisitions.</li><li>**All Manual Reorders** : This query displays all manual reorder requisitions (open and approved).</li><li>**Open Manual Reorder** : This query displays all manual open reorder requisitions.</li><li>**Approved Manual Reorder** : This query displays all manual approved reorder requisitions.</li><li>Note that all the columns in these queries remain the same as the basic query.</li></ul>
440715 | Requisition | The **Qty Required** column has been added to the requisition card. Now, all quantities (QTY) will be displayed on both the requisition card and the popped out screens.  
461114 | Requisition | The Requisition screen has been updated, and now the work order number and work order description are displayed in the requisition header.  
464080 | Requisition | A few criteria were missing from some queries. Now, the missing criteria have been added for the **open manual reorders** and **approved manual reorders** queries.  
451006 | Equipment | The tool ribbon options were not consistently hidden for users who only had inquiry-only access. Specifically, the **Rename Equipment** option was not properly secured. To address this issue, a new security access level (w_sy_rename.Equipment-New) has been added to the system. This new security access level specifically controls the ability to rename equipment.  
451968 | Equipment | The system did not have proper security controls in place for the **New Serial** option in the tool ribbon, which allows the users with inquiry-only access to still access and use this feature. To address this issue, a new security access level (w_eq_serial_eu.New) has been added to the system specifically for the **New Serial** option. Users who only have inquiry-only access will not have this new security access level by default, which means they will not be able to access the **New Serial** option.  
459209 | Equipment | In Events table, the Sort by Date/Time only takes month and day into account; but also it doest sort by year. To fix this, the sort by year functionality has been added.  
459210 | Equipment | New Serial tool ribbon option was enabled when the user does not have security access to create a serial. To fix this, the missing security check has been added for serial button. Now, if the user does not have access to create a serial, the button will not be shown or enabled.  
347036 | Equipment | Previously, in the events grid, the data was displayed in ascending order, which did not allow users to easily view the most recent events first. However, this issue has been addressed and the events contextual icon data will now be displayed in descending order.  
349610 | Equipment | In the equipment details module, there was an issue where long equipment numbers were being truncated, making it difficult to view the complete number. However, this issue has been resolved, and now you can see the entire equipment number even if it is long.  
445385 | Inventory | Inventory totals in the item main screen were including new lines added to Standard Request (SR) requisitions, which is causing error. This issue has been addressed by adding a condition that checks whether a newly inserted or updated SR requisition line is included in the item_location.qty_purch_unapproved field. If it is, then it will not be included in the inventory totals. This fix will prevent errors and ensure accurate inventory totals on the item main screen.  
452570 | Inventory | Users who had inquiry-only access to all tabs were still able to access and use the **Edit** button on the Item tab, and were able to make changes to field values and save them. To address this issue, the system has been updated to check for update access before showing the **Edit** button on the Item tab. Specifically, the security access level w_in_item_book_eu_main.Item will be checked to determine if the user has the authority to make updates.  
452596 | Inventory | Users with inquiry-only access to the picklist were still able to perform add, edit, and delete actions, even though they did not have the necessary security access. To address this issue, the system has been updated to check for update access before allowing users to perform add, edit, and delete actions on the picklist. If the user does not have the necessary security access (Picklist Update), they will only be able to view the picklist in inquiry mode, without the ability to make any changes.  
452701 | Inventory | Users with inquiry-only access were able to add comments to repair records, even though they did not have the necessary security access to make updates. To address this issue, the system has been updated to check for update access before allowing users to add comments to repair records. Specifically, the security access level w_in_repair_comments.Update will be checked to determine if the user has the authority to make updates.  
363903 | Inventory | The label name on the Return screen was inaccurate. The issue has been resolved and the labels have been corrected accordingly on the Return screen.  
329734 | Inventory | When creating an item, the system redirected the users to the item creation screen even when an incorrect item type was selected, resulting in an error. However, the issue has been fixed, and now the application will no longer navigate to the item creation screen if a wrong item type is selected.  
283495 | Inventory | In the inventory screen, previously, the count card would remain open even after editing the item count and clicking save. However, the code has been updated, and now the count card will be closed when the save button is clicked, regardless of whether there are any changes made to the item count.  
334296 | Supplier | When attempting to create a new supplier by passing a null value for the supplier parameter through the API, the error message received was incorrect. This issue has been identified and fixed, ensuring that when a null value is passed for the supplier, the appropriate error message (Invalid data provided) is displayed.  
368615 | Purchasing | An error occurs on a PO line when creating a purchase order from Create Purchase Order if an area was not defined in the customization parameters. A new logic has been added to avoid checking for combinations if an area has only one value. Now the users can save a PO using the area code which is not defined in the customization parameters.  While saving the PO line, if the newly used area doesn't exist in the customization parameters then user can use such codes in the PO creation which eliminates unnecessary errors.  
376451 | Purchasing | When creating a new change order for a purchase order or release, if the accounting information from the previous CO is no longer valid in cu_area_dept_acct, the system saved the purchase order and the line containing the incorrect charge data to the database, despite displaying an error message. Now, when the PO line contains incorrect account data, the system allows the creation of the PO and displays the error data in draft mode, in the Lines tab. However, it also provides a warning message under the Lines tab to indicate the issue with the line.  
380972 | Purchasing | Labels could not be printed without marking the item as received complete or entering a receipt quantity. Now, the users can print the label without entering a receipt qty or checking **Received Complete**. All information that is not available during a reprint, such as the serial ID, will remain blank if the field is included on the label.  
443587 | Purchasing | Attempting to run the Update Blanket Pricing or Create Blanket Lines data loaders from the PO Search, throws task management setup error. This issue is fixed by sending proper UserId to the taskmanagement.  
453093 | Purchasing | Users with inquiry-only access were able to see and use the **New Purchase Order** and **Resend** buttons on the tool ribbon, even though they did not have the necessary security access to perform these actions. To address this issue, the system has been updated to check for security access before showing the **New Purchase Order** and **Resend** buttons on the tool ribbon. Specifically, the security access levels w_po_header_eu.New for **New Purchase Order** and w_po_header_eu.Resend for **Resend** will be checked to determine if the user has the authority to perform these actions.  
453110 | Purchasing | Users with inquiry-only access to Purchase Orders were able to make edits to the Purchase Orders, even though they did not have the necessary security access. To address this issue, the system has been updated to check for security access before allowing users to make edits to Purchase Orders. Specifically, the security access level w_po_po_book_eu_main.Update will be checked to determine if the user has the authority to make updates.  
453556 | Purchasing | The system was exporting all previous change orders when exporting for pricing update. To resolve this issue, a custom filter parameter was added to the search query in the export download functionality. This ensures that only the data displayed in the user interface is exported, including the PO search results.  
376412 | Purchasing | When creating a release of a blanket item where all the quantity ordered on the base blanket line is already released, no validation error is received until after the PO header is already created. This can cause issues such as creating a PO header that cannot be fulfilled. To address this issue, the system has been updated to check all lines at once when the user clicks Next for creating a release from the blanket order. If the quantity ordered on any of the lines has already been released, the system will provide an error message indicating that the quantity has been exceeded for a specific line.  
453561 | Purchasing | Users with inquiry-only access for PO Text can access the Details button once, but after closing it, the Details button becomes disabled and cannot be reopened. Additionally, when update access is given, the PO Text button becomes disabled altogether, preventing users from accessing PO Text details. To address this issue, the system has been updated to remove any unused update access for the PO Text details. This will allow users with inquiry-only access to continue to access the PO Text details via the Details button without experiencing any issues with the button being disabled.  
259271 | Purchasing | The Qty Received field in PO Receipts allowed alphabetic values, instead of allowing only numerical values. This issue has been fixed, and the system currently allows only numerical values.  
329524 | Purchasing | The item description was missing in the printed Purchase Order (PO) for blanket release and other types of purchase orders. The issue has been fixed, and now the extended description is printed on the Purchase Order (PO). If the extended description is not available, then the item description will be printed.  
333430 | Purchasing | Previously, the purchase order (PO) print did not include the item PO text. However, the issue has been addressed, and now it prints the item PO texts in the PO print. The item PO text is printed below the item description.  
434391 | Purchasing | Previously, the Extended Description entered while creating a PO line was not being saved and shown properly. However, this issue has been resolved, and now the Extended Description is being saved and displayed accurately as intended.  
434424 | Purchasing | The error message was appearing multiple times when the user changed the 'Store Location' in the Purchase Order lines details screen. This issue has been fixed, and now the user will receive the error message only once when attempting to remove the store location.  
446118 | Purchasing | Previously, the users were not able to add line items to service type purchase orders. However, now the users can add line items to service type purchase orders when the 'Service Contact' toggle in the module is turned ON.  
462544 | Purchasing | Previously, an Object Reference error occurred while trying to add an item to the Purchase Order in the line tab. However, the issue has been resolved, and now users are able to successfully add an item to the Purchase Order in the line tab.  
464760 | Purchasing | There was an issue where the manufacturer part number was being printed in the line item details instead of the cross-reference number. To resolve this issue, the necessary changes were made to ensure that the manufacturer part number is no longer printed under the cross-reference section.  
443578 | Buyers Backlog | Performance issue has been identified in our system that was causing timeouts and impacting user experience. The old **po_v_bb_analysis** view was contributing to the problem due to numerous OR/NOT NULL/EXISTS clauses that filtered unnecessary records. This issue has been fixed by eradicating the old view and re-writing it to optimize its functionality. The new view ensures more efficient processing, providing users with a faster and more reliable experience. Additionally, we also addressed performance issues with the **Ready For Analysis** query by rebuilding stats and indexes in the D_EAM_QA_PREVIEW DB. Furthermore, a new index was created on the in_shipping_order_line table to further enhance performance.  
331764 | Buyer's Backlog | When transferring from the buyer's backlog to a purchase order (PO), there was an issue where the carried-over information was not visible. However, this issue has been fixed, and now you can see the unit cost, description, and quantity when transferring to a PO from the buyer's backlog.  
331766 | Buyer's Backlog | Previously, it was not possible to add PO text lines during the initial creation of a PO line item. However, this issue has been fixed, and now you can add PO text for a PO line during its creation.  
343744 | Buyer's Backlog | In the Buyers Backlog Search Screen, there was an issue with the PODifferentSupplier message not functioning correctly. The error message should include both Yes and No options. However, this issue has been resolved, and now the error message properly includes the Yes and No options, allowing the user to make the appropriate selection.  
431428 | Events | When creating an event and attempting to add an analysis code containing equipment details, the dropdown value used to disappear. This issue has now been fixed by remapping the array whenever equipment is present in the event.  
431430 | Events | when closing an event, the UI displays an incorrect event end date and time in UTC. If the user saves the data, the event start date and time were saved in UTC, while the event end date and time were saved in local time. Now, the event start and end date/time are saved in UTC time in the database, and are being converted and displayed as local time in the UI.  
415683 | Events | When users attempted to save an event without making any changes, an erroneous **Cancel Changes** popup would appear. This issue has been resolved by updating the event editing functionality. Now, the users can successfully save the event, even if no modifications have been made.  
348797 | RFQ | The supplier payment terms were not being copied over to RFQs when transferring a requisition line. Now, the issue has been resolved and the payment terms such as Freight, Payment Terms, and FOB will now automatically default for the recommended supplier when a requisition line is transferred to an RFQ from the buyer's backlog  
377159 | RFQ | When transferring a requisition line from the buyer's backlog to the RFQ, the Extended Description of the requisition line was not being transferred to the RFQ line. Now, the Extended Description is copied to the RFQ line when transferring a requisition line from the buyer's backlog to the RFQ. The Buyer information is also added to the header screen.  
431393 | RFQ | When transferring a requisition line from the buyer's backlog to an RFQ, the recommended supplier on the requisition line is also transferred to the RFQ supplier tab. However, previously, the TabSource and Email toggles were not defaulted to the values set on the supplier under **Send RFQ By**. This issue has now been fixed, and the TabSource and Email toggles are defaulted to the values set on the supplier under **Send RFQ By**.  
435845 | RFQ | When attempting to edit a supplier that has already been saved on the RFQ, the supplier label text overlaps the supplier ID, making it impossible to read. Now a new function has been added to retrieve the data first and then set it to the fields. This resolves the issue of overlapping text and ensures that supplier IDs are readable when editing previously saved suppliers on an RFQ.  
436475 | RFQ | When awarding or unawarding a RFQ, the RQNeedsReview message displayed an empty item description. Now, the RQNeedsReview message is added to sy_message_log regardless of its origin, and message_text is uniformly constructed with an empty item description. These changes ensure that the correct message is displayed when awarding or unawarding the RFQ.  
436932 | RFQ | The printed RFQ displayed the Buyer number rather than the Buyer's name. To enhance clarity and improve user experience, the buyer field value has been updated to print the Buyer's name instead of the Buyer number.  
450978 | RFQ | Supplier documents stored in rq_rfq_supplier_documents were fetched multiple times in the documents pane. The issue has been fixed in get supplier documents API to fetch proper data.  
453644 | RFQ | When attempting to enter a bid for an RFQ line, an error occurs stating **object reference not set to an instance of an object** if the requisition line associated with the RFQ line has already been deleted. This error prevents the user from entering a bid and causes delays in the RFQ process. To address this issue, a null check has been added to the system when the requisition associated with the RFQ line is null. This null check ensures that if the requisition line has been deleted, the system will not attempt to access null objects or properties, preventing the **object reference not set to an instance of an object** error from occurring.  
454077 | RFQ | The Forward for Approval action in the RFQ module does not check for security access. This means that any user, even those with inquiry-only access, can perform this action. To address this issue, a new security access has been added for the Forward for Approval action in the RFQ module. Specifically, the security access has been added for the window name **w_rfq_forward_for_approval** , with the access level set to **Update**.  
462911 | RFQ | When multiple suppliers were selected, and clicking Delete only deleted the first supplier. To resolve the issue, a disable bind on multiple selection has been added to prevent users from selecting and deleting multiple suppliers at once.  
454735 | RFQ | Previously, an exception of **Dividing by zero** was encountered when attempting to check the unit cost variance between the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and the Requisition (REQ) line. To address this issue, modifications were made to bypass the unit cost variance check if the unit cost is zero. This adjustment ensures that the exception is avoided and allows the approval limit check to proceed uninterrupted.  
449518 | Setup | A user with access to the Work Order Search tool and Update access for Query Wizard is unable to see the Work Order module in the query setup dropdown menu. This limits their ability to effectively search for and manipulate Work Orders using the Query Wizard. To address this issue, we have removed an unnecessary security access feature that was preventing the Work Order module from appearing in the dropdown within query setup for certain users.  
454082 | Setup | After adding a new security group, it does not appear in the correct plant unless the user manually refreshes the screen. Instead, it is added to the last visible plant in the UI, regardless of the plant selection. To fix this, an automatic refresh of the grid has been implemented, after a new security group is added, so that the new group appears in the correct plant without the need for the user to manually refresh the screen.  
332918 | Setup | In the work order financial tab, the Labor Hours Summary previously showed only the estimated/planned hours but not the estimated costs. However, this issue has been resolved in the updated version. Now, the Labor Hours Summary card in the financial tab includes the estimated cost along with the estimated/planned hours.  
459187 | Security | Plant dropdown only displays the plant code, even when the dropdown configuration setting is set to display both code and description. Now, when the dropdown configuration is set to display both code and description, the plant dropdown will show the code and name of each plant.  
280833, 373076 | General | Certain columns were created using the nchar() datatype instead of nvarchar(), which led to issues with excess blank spaces in all nchar() datatype columns. Now, the affected tables are identified and the datatype of the columns are changed from nchar() to nvarchar().  
332115 | General | When multi-warehousing is enabled and a user has access to only one storeroom, it should always be set as the default. However, there was an issue where this did not happen when entering an item. To resolve this, a condition has been added. Now, if the user has access to the store's location, it will be automatically set in the **Location** and Bins card during item entry.  
286964 | General | The query for **WOs entered in the last 90 days** was not being executed, and the corresponding tile in the dashboard was not loading properly. However, the issue has been resolved. Now, even if a user lacks the required security access, the query will still be visible in the user interface (UI). However, it will not be included in the query list or be accessible for execution.  
313528 | General | The alignment issues in the shop order print document have been fixed. The description is not being trimmed, resulting in a lengthy display. To accommodate extra space for the description, the Unit of Issue, Qty Requested, Qty Reserved, and Optional Flag have been made smaller. The Stores Location has been moved below the description, and the numeric values are aligned to the right  
440787 | General | The data type for the column **val** has been updated from **int** to **bigint** in the **event_id_seq** table. Additionally, the data type for the parameter **@v_eventid_seq** in the stored procedure **sp_get_event_id** has been updated from **int** to **bigint** to handle arithmetic overflow errors.  
449517 | General | The **Change Plant** drop-down list was not displaying all the plants to which the user had access. However, this issue has been fixed, and now the **Change Plant** drop-down list displays all the plants to which the user has access.  
466791 | General | In EAM scheduling, all calendars are sorted in descending order of start date in the Schedule Work screen.  
466898 | General | There was an issue where the Edit and Delete buttons for documents were disabled after updating a document. To address this issue, a modification was made to disable the Edit and Delete buttons when the line is deselected in the documents section.  
469965 | General | There was a failure in executing the newly created query for a new plant. To resolve this, the queries for all reorders have been updated, and the mismatched columns have been rearranged correctly.  
470661 | General | There was an inconsistency in displaying action buttons for documents in different modules. To address this issue, a modification was made to ensure consistency in displaying action buttons after editing documents. Specifically, the icon for all modules is now disabled after the documents have been edited.  
448579 | Integration | The MDM ACK file was not generated in the proper format. Now, the issue has been fixed to generate XML files with proper formatting, from Integration.  
456100 | Integration | To improve user experience and facilitate issue resolution, customized error messages are added for integration errors in EAM. This allows end users to easily understand the cause of the error and take appropriate actions. As a result, integration error messages are clearly visible and useful to end users.  
372370 | Task Management | The parameter setup window did not validate the Criteria field as containing valid SQL. Now, the Criteria field is replaced with a QueryName field in the printWO task. This new field allows users to input a query name, which retrieves all valid WO data for the printWO task, ensuring accuracy and efficiency.

