---  

title: "What's New in 11.6"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---
  
## Feature

This section provides the information on the new features introduced in 11.6
release.

### Invoice Module

The invoice module has been introduced in EAM, to enhance the invoicing
process by providing efficient invoice search and voucher creation
capabilities. The invoice module enables the users to create vouchers to
accurately track and manage supplier invoices. Depending on the type of
invoice, you can create three different types of vouchers:

  * **Purchase Order Invoice** : This voucher type is specifically designed for invoices that are associated with a purchase order. By creating a Purchase Order Invoice voucher, you can effectively match and reconcile invoices against the corresponding purchase orders, streamlining the verification process.

  * **Direct Charge Invoice** : For invoices that are not linked to a purchase order, the Direct Charge Invoice voucher can be created. This type of voucher allows you to record and track invoices directly related to specific expenses or services, providing transparency and control over direct charges.

  * **Credit Memo** : The Credit Memo voucher is designed to handle invoice adjustments or credits. By creating a Credit Memo voucher, you can accurately reflect any modifications or made to invoices, ensuring accurate accounting and financial records.

### Integration Module

The Integration module has been introduced in EAM to improve the integration
management experience. From the Integration File Status screen, users can now
gain a comprehensive overview of the integration status at the file level. The
Integration File Status screen provides you with valuable insights into the
status of your integrated files. This feature allows for efficient monitoring
and tracking of integration progress, ensuring smooth data flow, and
minimizing errors. By utilizing the available filters, the users can easily
narrow down your search and locate specific files.

The View Error Records screen allows the users to specifically search for and
access records that contain errors. By utilizing the available filters, you
can quickly identify error-prone records and take necessary actions to rectify
them. This feature empowers users to efficiently troubleshoot and resolve
integration issues, promoting accurate data synchronization and seamless
integration workflow.

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

Bug ID | Module | Description  
---|---|---  
329521 |  Work Management |  When entering the quantity received on a Purchase Order (PO) receipt, the comments box overlaps the Received Complete checkbox. This issue obstructs the checkbox and makes it difficult for users to check the Received Complete option after entering the quantity received. The issue has been resolved by allowing users to check the Received Complete checkbox before entering the quantity received.  
463607 |  Work Management |  When updating the equipment and serial for a work order and subsequently adding a cost post entry, the system saves the initial values provided for equipment and serial, rather than the latest updated values. This issue has been resolved by updating the system's behavior. Now, when a cost post entry is made, the last updated equipment and serial ID will be correctly saved to the **wo_log_cost_posting** table.  
482756 |  Work management |  The AllAccess security group does not have the necessary security access to print work orders out of the box. This restricts users in the AllAccess group from performing the task of printing work orders, which may be essential for their job responsibilities. The issue has been resolved by providing the ability to print work orders in the AllAccess security group as mentioned in the new plant configuration.  
483651 |  Work Management |  The Print WO Details report displayed large empty spaces, causing unnecessary gaps and inefficient utilization of paper when printed. These empty spaces can make the report difficult to read. The issue has been resolved by adding page breaks for the Craft and Item issued table content in the WO detailed Print report.  
485084 |  Work Management |  When the same craft and employee have worked on different dates, the craft hours are not grouped correctly in the report. The issue has been resolved by ensuring that craft hours are properly grouped based on the employee and craft. This means that when the same craft and employee have worked on different dates, their craft hours will be aggregated and presented as a single group in the report.  
434622 |  Work Management |  When creating a Quick Work Order in the Notebook, the fields for Area, Department, and Account automatically populate with values from the equipment, overriding any values entered by the user. The issue has been resolved by setting default values for the Area, Department, and Account fields only when the user does not provide any values in the user interface.  
449309 |  Work Management |  All users has the ability to access and utilize the Mass Update action in the Work Order screen, irrespective of their security access for specific work order types. The issue has been resolved by implementing the necessary changes to enable the Mass Update action only for users who have security access for at least one work order type. If a user does not have security access for any work order type, the Mass Update action will be hidden to prevent unauthorized access and changes to work orders.  
454135 |  Work Management |  When a user lacks the **New** access for **w_wo_worker_time_eu** , a spinner keeps loading under the Worker Time Report section in the Quick WO Completion and WO Completion screens. The issue has been resolved by hiding the spinner under the Worker Time Report when the user does not have the **New** access for **w_wo_worker_time_eu**.  
471041 |  Work Management |  when accessing a dropdown within a grid via the New/Edit functionality, the **GridViewSettings** EAM Option is overriding the **DropDownViewSettings**. The issue bug has been resolved by ensuring that the grid and dropdown each honor their respective settings independently. The **DropDownViewSettings** will be applied solely to the dropdown, while the **GridViewSettings** will be applied exclusively to the grid.  
265551 |  PM Schedules |  When attempting to set a PM Schedule without filling in the required fields, an error message is displayed. However, the error message includes database details, which may not be meaningful or helpful to users. The issue has been resolved by adding a rule (WO-122-PM-CREATION_VALIDATION) to handle the validation for setting PM Schedules without filling in the required fields. With this rule in place, when the required fields are not filled, a user-friendly error message will be displayed, providing clear and concise information about the missing or invalid inputs.  
332084 |  Requisition |  The requisition rule REQ-035-REQQTY was not working as expected. When modifying the requested quantity on the requisition main screen, specifically when the available quantity is greater than the requested quantity, the rule is not functioning correctly. The issue has been resolved by updating the behavior of the backorder message to display in a more user-friendly format (yes/no). Additionally, the access for CTA (Call to Action) has been updated to ensure the appropriate permissions are in place.  
448766 |  RFQ |  When creating RFQ lines from a requisition line, the Requisition Line number is not being properly set and is missing from the RFQ lines. The issue has been resolved by updating the code to correctly set the requisition line information when creating RFQ lines.  
347036 |  Equipment |  The data in the Events grid was shown in ascending order, which may not be the desired sorting for the contextual icon data. The issue has been resolved. Going forward, the Events contextual icon data will be displayed in descending order within the grid. This change ensures that the most recent events appear at the top, allowing for easier visibility and navigation.  
448016 |  Equipment |  When a LocationStatus event is created for equipment, the application saves the event's date and time in the local time zone. This can lead to discrepancies when working across different time zones or when needing to accurately track and compare events. The issue has been resolved by updating the application to save the LocationStatus event for equipment in UTC time in the database. While displaying the event in the user interface, the UTC time will be converted to the local time zone for proper visualization.  
449488 |  Equipment |  When viewing the related tab for a specific serial ID, all work orders are being displayed, even those that do not have equipment assigned or are not directly associated with the installed equipment. The issue has been resolved by updating the query logic to fetch only work orders that are created for equipment installed with the specific serial ID.  
452609 |  Inventory |  If the logged-in user does not have any store locations assigned, opening the Related tab in the side panel of the Inventory module results in an indefinite loading state. This prevents users from accessing and viewing the related information for inventory items, impacting their ability to manage and analyze inventory effectively. The issue has been resolved by implementing the necessary changes to allow the opening of the Related tab in the side panel, even if store locations are not assigned to the logged-in user. Now, regardless of the absence of store locations, users can access and view the related information for inventory items through the side panel.  
466429 |  Inventory |  When multiple bins are involved for an item, the calculated item value does not consider the cost at the bin level. This leads to incorrect item valuation calculations. The issue has been resolved by adding the cc_extended_cost_bin column (display name: Inventory Valuation Bin) to the [in_item_location_bin] table. This column displays the extended cost for each bin and can be included in calculations and reports through the query wizard.  
416660 |  Repairables |  In the Repairables module, the qty_awaiting_repair was incorrectly decremented during the Create Repair Log action. This issue has been fixed, and now the qty_awaiting_repair is no longer decremented during the Create Repair Log action.  
415442 |  Repairables |  When attempting to receive multiple serialized items simultaneously in the PoReceipt screen. The issue has been resolved by implementing the necessary changes to enable users to receive multiple serialized items at once in the PoReceipt screen. The system now allows for the receipt of multiple serialized items in a single transaction.  
255659 |  Supplier |  When attempting to execute the SYS Supplier Query in the Query Wizard, the query fails to run because the supplier column is not present in the query. This prevents users from effectively utilizing the Supplier search functionality. This issue has been resolved by adding the supplier column at the end of the query **SYS Supplier Parts**.  
463935 |  Supplier |  When transferring a supplier to an RFQ from the buyer's backlog, the default mailing address for the supplier is not automatically assigned. The issue has been resolved by adding code to assign the default Mail To value for the supplier when it is transferred to the RFQ from the buyer's backlog.  
474015 |  Supplier |  When viewing columns in various views, such as tables or reports, the length of the column was displayed as it was initially created, regardless of the actual data shown in the screenshot. The bug has been resolved by maintaining the display of the column length as it was initially created. The actual data shown in the screenshot will not be modified based on the column length. Additionally, the supplier_name column has been updated for the sy_custom_report_print table.  
261836 |  Purchasing |  When attempting to navigate between tabs in the Purchase Order Lines section, the line item tabs were not functioning correctly. Specifically, the blue square indicator did not move to the selected tab when clicked, resulting in a lack of visual feedback for the active tab. The issue has been resolved, and the line item tabs now function properly.  
344748 |  Purchasing |  When tabbing out of the comments field in the PO Receipts Screen, the application behaves as if the Alt + / shortcut was entered, opening a "jump to place in application" bar. This unintended behavior interrupts the workflow and may cause confusion for users. The issue has been resolved. Users are now able to tab out of the comments field without triggering the "jump to place in application" bar. Additionally, the blue bar at the top of the screen, which prompts users to jump elsewhere in the application, is no longer displayed after clicking on the Save button for the first time.  
418112 |  Purchasing |  When creating a new Purchase Order, the Requested Qty on each line defaults to 1, which should be set to 0. The issue has been resolved by implementing a check for blanket orders. When a blanket order is detected, the Requested Qty on each line is now set to 0 as a default. This enhancement ensures that the initial Requested Qty aligns with the intended behavior for blanket orders, avoiding the need for manual corrections.  
473970 |  Purchasing |  On the PurchaseOrderTermsTab screen, the email field was not displaying as required, even when the email flag is turned on. The issue has been resolved by updating the display behavior of the email field. It will now correctly display as required when the email flag is turned on.  
453857 |  Purchasing |  when attempting to save a line on the PO Receipt Screen where the qty_received is 0, received_complete is not changed, and return_to_supplier is set to 1, no error message is displayed. The bug has been resolved by implementing an error message validation. Now, when attempting to save a line on the PO Receipt Screen with the mentioned conditions [(qty_received = 0 and received_complete is not changed) AND return_to_supplier = 1], an error message **PoReturnToSupplier** will be triggered. This error message will notify the user about the specific condition that needs to be addressed before proceeding with the save operation.  
463738 |  Purchasing |  When accessing the Query Wizard, none of the queries are being displayed. The issue has been resolved by implementing the necessary changes to display all the queries under the Query Wizard.  
453066 |  Purchasing |  When creating purchase order terms for suppliers configured for auto issue, the Auto Issue flag was not displayed properly in the Purchase Order Term Tab. The issue has been resolved by implementing necessary changes to ensure the Auto Issue flag is correctly displayed in the Purchase Order Term Tab after clicking the Create button for suppliers set up for auto issue.  
460276 |  Purchasing |  Previously, there was no functionality or action button available in the Purchase Order module and main screen to resend records to the integration process. The issue has been resolved by adding the 'Resend to Integration' action button to both the Purchase Order module and main screen.  
331767 |  Buyers Backlog |  When creating a Purchase Order based on a requisition, the charge split information from the requisition did not carry over to the Purchase Order. This resulted in the loss of crucial charge allocation details and inconsistencies between the requisition and the generated PO. The issue has been resolved, and the charge split information now successfully copies over from the requisition to the Purchase Order.  
344405 |  Buyers Backlog |  When performing an initial search using the Ready for Purchase and Ready for Quote Only query types in the All Backlogs Search Screen, the transfer buttons were not properly displayed. The issue has been resolved by enabling the Transfer Purchase Order button when all selected rows are in the Ready for Purchase grouping. Additionally, the Transfer to RFQ button is now enabled when either the selected rows are in the Ready for Quote grouping or when the selected rows are in the Ready for Purchase grouping and the RFQ number is null.  
344120 |  Security |  Previously, when setting up a new plant, the Language Definition **INQUIRY** action access was not delivered by default. Now the issue has been fixed and the **INQUIRY** action access for the Language Definition screen is now correctly delivered to the AllAccess group during new plant setup.  
253474 |  Setup |  When viewing the validation codes in the Validation Codes screen, for non-sy_code_30, the grid does not show the details in the full page. This results in incomplete visibility of the information. The issue has been resolved by adding consistent height for all the codes in the Validation Codes screen.  
349920 |  Setup |  Previously, users had the ability to delete their entire field mappings if they have inadvertently selected a child row. This can lead to accidental data loss and inconvenience, as the entire field mapping configuration can be unintentionally deleted. The bug has been resolved by implementing a safeguard in the Field Mapping Setup screen. Now, when a user selects a child row, the delete and edit icons will be disabled, preventing them from deleting or editing the field mapping.  
472152 |  Setup |  When executing queries in QW that involve the Work Order Type as a criteria column, the casing of the constant values was considered, which can impact the performance of the queries. Since the Work Order Type values are defined as EAM constants and are not case-sensitive, the casing can be ignored while executing the queries. The issue has been resolved by ignoring the casing for constant values related to Work Order Type in QW queries and the performance has been improved.

