---  

title: "What's New in 11.6.2"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

Bug ID/ Case ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
238898 |  Task Manager  |  Language translations were added to the data loader for labels, headers, messages etc. Translations in this release were applied only in the Task Manager application; a future enhancement will add translations for Data Loader processing results.  
249467 |  Tenant Portal  |  In Manage Users, companies not using Aptean IDP can now update the IDP User Identifier for a user and have that user successfully log in after the change.  
259922 |  Security |  In Security, the “New Job” action has been removed from all window names in the Task Management module when defining Window Access for Security Groups. In addition to the two remaining actions, "Define Job" and "Run Job", a new action "AdhocRunJob" has been added. This action gives users in the security group access to the "Execute" button for a given task in the Task Manager, so that the task can be executed immediately. The action is enabled by default for groups All Access and Task Management Administrator. In the Dataloader group, AdhocRun is enabled by default only for the Data Loader job; and in the Integration Administrator group, AdhocRun is enabled by default only for the Integration job.  
275007 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Company, the license information that can be viewed for the company now displays a user-friendly name in each Database field, rather than the technical database name.  
286802 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Company, a new View option has been added to the Groups contextual panel, to allow group information to be viewed without having to enter Edit mode.  
299809 |  Task Manager |  A new secured job task, “Query Report”, has been added. The task allows the results of a specific non-ask-at-execution query for a given module to be emailed to a recipient list. Recipients can be employees or job functions.  
307929 |  Setup |  In Setup, a new EAM Option for Inventory, “Default Issue Qty”, has been added. The available options are “Default to 0” and “Lowest value among quantity available and quantity requested”, with the latter being the default. The selected value for the plant is used to determine the default value for Issue Qty in the Inventory Issues screen.  
308089 |  Inventory |  In the Cycle Count Batch, the feature to import from the inventory search has been enhanced. If the query used in the search contains the bin field, then only the specific bin that is selected for the item will be imported; if multiple bins are desired for the item, then the multiple rows containing those bins can be selected. In queries where the bin field is not included, selection of an item will import all bins for the item into the cycle count batch.  
308094 |  Inventory |  Manufacturer and Manufacturer Part No have been added to the report generated when printing the inventory cycle count. An issue with the display of the barcode has also been corrected.  
336039 |  All |  Search selection popups have been enhanced system-wide such that double-clicking on a given row in the search results behaves as though the Select button was clicked; the popup will close and the value on the clicked row will be populated in the field where the search icon was clicked.  
336040 |  Work Order |  The Scheduled Start Date and Completed Date have been added to Work Order Print, directly below the Assigned to and Requested Completion fields.  
375216 |  All |  Enhancements have been made to the Requisition Requester field in the requisition line details pane.<ul><li>In Table Element Settings, in_req_line.requester is now delivered as not validated.</li><li>If in_req_line.requester is set up as not validated, it appears as a text entry field in the requisition line details, where any value can be entered. Accepted examples may include a user’s full name, employee ID, department name, etc.</li><li>If the field is overridden as validated at the plant level, it allows entry of either a user name or user ID that is found in the Employee module for the given plant.</li></ul>
415698 |  Repairable |  In the Repair Log, the Restocked By field will be defaulted to the logged in user when performing a Restock.  
416894 |  Work Order |  The page number section of the Work Order Print has been updated to contain the total number of pages in addition to the page number, in the following format: Page x of x  
449330 |  Setup |  The details pane of Validation Codes Setup has been enhanced. All validation codes have the same presentation, and now have the capability to change, save, and reset the layout.  
456651 |  Task Manager |  When clicking Execute for the Print WO task, a new parameter has been added for “Query Name”. The default value is a provided query, “Batch Work Order Print”, but the value may be changed to any valid work order module query for the given plant to which the "taskexecution" user has access. The work orders returned by the results of the query will be printed upon clicking Execute in the popup, if the current status of a given work order is between 60 and 69. The work orders printed will also be limited by the Reprint Date entered, if any.  
517328 |  Integration |  We have enhanced our existing PO import Integration API to give an InstanceID as part of the initial API response; this would be helpful to check the actual record processing status by calling another API.  
518066 |  Request for Quote |  On the Suppliers tab of an RFQ, the Add Potential Supplier feature opens a separate tab where the Supplier information may be entered. This feature has been enhanced such that the Suppliers tab of the originating RFQ is automatically refreshed to include the new supplier after the potential supplier has been created.  
520506 |  Request for Quote |  A new option has been added to the General section of RFQ Setup Options, “Official RFQ must be sent to supplier prior to bid entry”. This option is not enabled by default, such that bids may be entered in EAM for any supplier listed on the Suppliers tab of the RFQ, regardless of supplier status (when bid entry is available, subject to application security and RFQ or line status). When the option is enabled, then the official copy of the RFQ must be sent to the supplier prior to bid entry.  
498515 |  Security  |  The original implementation of Groups and Stores Locations in the Assign User Access screen of the Security module allowed all users with update access to automatically enter edit mode upon clicking the Groups or Stores Locations icon. After each change to a checkbox for security access, the data would be saved. This change enhances the usability of these screens by adding Edit, Save, and Cancel buttons for users with update access. In Edit mode, multiple checkbox changes can be made before saving all changes at once.   
512711/ 02538611 |  Data Loader |  The instructions for the equipment data loader in task manager did not denote Location Type as a required field, but any attempt to load equipment with the Location Type empty would result in a required fields error. To resolve this issue, the equipment data loader has been updated such that a default value of "Equip Location" will be used whenever the Location Type is left empty. The instructions for the equipment data loader have also been updated to reflect the same.   
518754/ 02716682 |  Repairable  |  When restocking an item in the repair log, the currently selected query must contain several required fields that identify the specific repair to be restocked and the current status of the repair: Item, Repair Status, Repair Tag, and Created Date/Time. Prior to this correction, additional fields such as Repair Purchase Order, Repair Requisition, and Date/Time Received were also required. Any restock of an inside repair would result in a required fields error and could not be completed, since these fields do not apply to inside repairs.   
512117/ 02719382  |  Data Loader |  In plants where data translation is enabled, the work order description of work orders created via the data loader was not visible in the search results of Work Order module search queries; the description was visible only in the Work Order Details. To resolve this issue, the data loader has been updated to properly create the translation value when a work order is created in a plant using data translations. Additionally, a migration script is created that will update the missing data on any existing work orders created by the data loader where the translation data is missing.   
519191/ 02736579 |  Work Order |  In plants not using Spares Holding locations for equipment, any attempt to update the work order print options in EAM setup would result in the error message, "Spares Holding Location must be defined in the Equipment Location Master, with Type set to Spares Holding." The validation check that produces this message, which ensures that at least one equipment exists with a Spares Holding location type, has been updated such that it executes only when the setup option "Spares Holding Location for in-transit Assets" contains a value. Therefore, the message will no longer display for plants not using Spares Holding locations.  
369044 |  Setup |  An Export option has been added to Validation Codes for all codes not previously having the option available. This includes all non-standard format codes, such as Buyer, Craft, Currency, Work Order Status, etc.   
525307/ 02748541  |  Documents |  When using Cloud Print to print a work order with the option selected to print attached documents, any document marked "Print With Wo" that uploaded from OneDrive was not printing with the work order. The underlying issue has been corrected so that attached documents added from OneDrive now print with the work order during Cloud Print.   
520392/ 02730693 |  Migration |  When defining the work order numbering methods by work order type in the Setup module, the entries for Prefix and Number of Digits should allow up to 8 characters in total. Therefore, a Last Number Assigned containing 6 digits should be a valid entry when the prefix is 2 characters and the Number of Digits is 6. However, the maximum length allowed in Last Number Assigned was reported as 4. After this correction, the proper 6 digits are allowed for Last Number Assigned.   
517563/ 02732575 |  Purchase Order  |  The Purchase Order Print has been updated to display the Total of the extended cost for all lines at the bottom of the line-item details. Prior to the update, this field was incorrectly left blank.   
517567/ 02732636 |  Setup |  In Cost Period setup, the dates displayed for each Start Date and End Date were behind by one day. For example, a cost period start date of 01/01/2023 was displayed as 12/31/2022. This discrepancy was occurring because the displayed date was being converted to the local time zone, for instance GMT-4 for EST. To resolve this issue, the Cost Period dates are displayed as entered, rather than being subject to any local time conversion.   
518400 |  Tenant Portal |  At times, the error message "Unable to verify login on backend. Signing out." would be displayed during a login attempt. The logic that displayed this message has been replaced by new logic that will automatically retry the login. If the login is still unsuccessful after multiple attempts, a new message will be displayed: "EAM service is not working. Please contact administrator or try again later."   
486423  |  Tenant Portal |  At times, the error message "Please enter a valid URL" would be displayed during a login attempt. The logic that displayed this message has been replaced by new logic that will automatically retry the login. If the login is still unsuccessful after multiple attempts, a new message will be displayed: "EAM service is not working. Please contact administrator or try again later." This is the same issue reported and corrected under 505616.  
490959 |  Tenant Portal |  In Session Management, an error message was being received when attempting to kill a session, and the session was not ended. The root cause of this issue has been corrected.  
499275 |  Query Wizard |  In Work Order Search, migrated queries have been updated to include the proper Work Order field, which should appear as a hyperlink. Additionally, the underlying query generation mechanism was updated to include the task and subtask in table joins, eliminating duplicated rows in the query results.  
522514/ 02743769  |  Repairable |  When exporting the data from the search query results for any query containing a datetime value, the following error would be received upon opening the Excel workbook: "We found a problem with some content in '.xlsx'. Do you want us to try to recover as much as we can? If you trust the source of this workbook, click Yes." This message has been eliminated by applying the expected format to the exported data for datetime values.  
529273/ 02743782 |  Work Order |  Work Order Print has been updated to include the equipment description directly to the right of the equipment number. Previously only the equipment number was included on the document.  
529304 |  Purchase Order |  A loader was added to the Save action of PO Line Charges, to prevent the Save button from being clicked again while the charges are being validated and saved.  
530103 |  Query Wizard |  All search screens have had a loader added upon open, to indicate that the system is working while retrieving the list of available queries and criteria.  
523033  |  Request for Quote |  On the RFQ lines tab of an RFQ, any line that was created via transfer from a requisition will have the requisition and requisition line number visible in the grid. Selecting such an RFQ line and clicking the Requisition contextual icon opens the requisition line details in the right-side pane; but prior to this fix, the loading icon continued to spin and the RFQ could not be used without closing the tab and starting over. This issue has been corrected so that the requisition line details open properly and the spinner stops after the Requisition icon is clicked.  
523340 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Users, an error message was being received if a user's email address was changed more than twice. This issue has been corrected.  
523871  |  Integration |  The transaction_id was removed from the XML file created for the Equipment Extract. This field was included in the extract file in error.  
524628 |  Setup |  In cases where a data entry form and a grid containing dropdown lists are paired together for display/data entry, there are two separate window names available in the Window/Screen Specific table element settings, to support the "DropdownDisplaySetting" and "GridDisplaySetting" features in EAM options. The delivery settings for these window pairs have been updated to reflect their proper usage, such that the form window name allows user overrides and the grid window name allows overrides only on the "used" property of a field. This is because the grid should not allow changes to the delivery settings for required, protected, etc.  
526448 |  Setup |  In Validation Codes Setup, the Mobile Status Color used by the mobile application could not be seen or set at certain screen sizes when in Edit mode for a given status. A scroll bar has been added to the edit pane when not all fields are visible based on the screen size, so that all fields can be viewed and edited.  
526740 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Users, duplicate entries could be seen in the Activity Log when the UpdatedUser activity was recorded against the user ID making the change. The issue causing the duplicate log entry has been corrected.  
527118  |  Requisition |  In the requisition module, the requisition line details could not be opened for any requisition with a special character in the requisition number. Such a requisition number is possible, for example, when creating a requisition from a work order where the user-specified work order number contains a special character. The requisition line details have been updated to properly open for requisitions containing special characters.  
527244 |  Requisition |  In the Requisition Custom Elements, fields displayed with validated values in a dropdown list are subject to the display configurations defined for the plant in EAM options (display code, description, or both in the field when the dropdown is closed). For custom elements where the valid value has no description, the word "null" was displaying as the description when the dropdown display option was "both". After this change, the description will properly display as empty, such that only the code value is visible.  
520528 |  Inventory |  On the Item Selection tab of a Cycle Count Batch, all items in a batch were being updated during save operations whenever the checkbox to select all rows was clicked. This included cases where a filter had already been applied to limit the results visible in the grid. This change will respect the applied filter, updating only those rows that are visible in the grid when the checkbox to select all rows is clicked.  
520536 |  Integration |  On the Item tab of a Cycle Count Batch, the Remove and Delete options on the tool ribbon were enabled only when a single item was selected. These options are now available when multiple item selections have been made.  
520537 |  Inventory |  When deleting a batch in cycle counting, a message was erroneously displayed indicating that the batch could not be deleted because some of the items had been counted, when none of the items in the batch had a value in the DateTime Counted field. The root cause of this issue has been corrected, so that a batch where none of the items have been counted can be deleted.  
521997 |  Tenant Portal |  Tenant Portal: Group By capability has been added for grid fields.  
522417 |  All |  Corrects a UI issue in which the left side of Create or Edit buttons would be cut off on screens opened in the right panel.  
519794 |  Webapps |  In the Webapps Stores app, an item in multiple bins was not displaying all of the bins in the dropdown list while using the Chrome browser. The Edge browse did display the bin list properly. Now both browsers correctly display the bin list.  
519795 |  Purchase Order |  The Ready for Approval query of the Buyer's Backlog has been updated to properly display the Buyer value specified on Main tab of the Request for Quote. The query was previously displaying the buyer to whom the RFQ was forwarded for approval.   
519921 |  Task Management |  When selecting Integration File Status from the EAM main menu and executing a search that returns results, clicking on one of the rows and selecting the "View Error Details" icon opens the details of any error that may have occurred for the selected file. Prior to this change, error details were not being displayed in the right panel for files that completed with errors. Now the details are properly displayed.   
499627  |  Tenant Portal |  Occasionally, a Session Management search action would result in an endless loading spinner, and the query would never conclude. The root cause of this issue has been identified and corrected.   
505616 |  All |  At times, the error message "Please enter a valid URL" would be displayed during a login attempt. The logic that displayed this message has been replaced by new logic that will automatically retry the login. If the login is still unsuccessful after multiple attempts, a new message will be displayed: "EAM service is not working. Please contact administrator or try again later." This is the same issue reported and corrected under 486423.  
505712 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Company, the spreadsheet template for the Load Users feature has had a new column added, IDP User Identifier. This field is to be used by companies who do not have the "Use Aptean IDP" box checked in Manage Companies.  
505764 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Company, the Load Users panel allows users to be created via spreadsheet upload. A new Export button has been added to this panel, to allow the results to be downloaded.  
507634 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Plant, the UTC time zone is removed from the Plant Time Zone dropdown list. Any existing plant with a UTC time zone selection will have the proper time zone assigned by Aptean as a pre-release activity.  
509689  |  Inventory |  In the Create Receipt Adjustment screen, the Edit Item button has been removed. This button was not needed, as the item details can be edited directly in the grid.  
509694 |  Inventory |  In Stores Activity Search, selection of the "Receipt Adjustment" transaction type would result in a search filter for transaction types equal to "XNPOR". Because all stores activity transactions are recorded in mixed case, any search executed with this filter would return no results. The transaction type for the filter has been corrected to the proper mixed case value of "Xnpor".  
509740 |  Requisition  |  The Item Description has been added to the Add Line Item pane of the Requisition. For inventory items, the description will be populated after item number entry, and will not be editable. For "no item created" items types, which are not kept in inventory, the description of the item is a required field. This description will be saved as the item description on the requisition line.   
511176 |  Documents |  Corrects an issue in which the error message would be empty when attempting to open any linked document that encountered an error, or when the session had timed out prior to the attempt. The proper error message is now displayed in the message box.  
511902 |  Tenant Portal |  Improvements have been made to better handle session timeouts. When a session expires, a message will be displayed to the user. The user will be redirected to the login screen after acknowledging the message by clicking OK.   
374140  |  Tenant Portal |  In the Load Users feature available in Manage Companies, the spreadsheet template has been updated to provide additional instructions and information in the Comments of the following fields: Application User ID, Group Code, and Portal Role.   
380243 |  Task Management |  An "Execute Now" option has been added to each of the renames available from within EAM: Rename Supplier, Rename Equipment, Rename Item, and Rename Bin. The "Execute Now" option will show the help text "Press Execute Now to save this change and send a request to process it in the background immediately. Pressing Save will cause this to be processed at the next scheduled processing time." The results of an Execute Now rename will be sent to the message log of the user who initiated the rename.   
443578 |  Request for Quote |  The Ready for Analysis query of the buyer's backlog was updated to improve performance and to return RFQ line data that meets the following conditions: The RFQ is not deleted or closed. The RFQ line is not already awarded. One of the following conditions is true for an un-awarded line on an open RFQ: Response date is past on the RFQ header, OR All suppliers have declined to bid at the header or have submitted a response at the line (either a decline to bid or a bid) and no supplier's bid has a unit cost of 0.   
446242 |  Query Wizard  |  In query setup for the Employee module, adding the Reorder, Repair, or Requisition Approval Limit to the group total would cause the field labels for those fields to disappear when running the query in Employee Search. This change corrects that issue, so that the field labels remain intact when the fields are in the group total.  
452122 |  Request for Quote |  In RFQ Setup Options, a new option has been added: "Auto-close RFQ when all actions are done". The option is not enabled by default. When enabled, an RFQ will be automatically closed during transfer of one or more of its lines to a PO, if all lines have been transferred or marked as Do Not Award. During the closure, log activity will be created to indicate that the RFQ was auto-closed.   
456648 |  Task Management |  Task Manager: When scheduling a task using the "Monthly" selection, a new option has been added that allows the starting month for the schedule to be specified.   
478311 |  Task Management |  When messages are created for a user's message log in EAM, the date and time are recorded in the database in UTC. This UTC time was not labeled as such in messages sent to users via the Email Interface job in the Task Manager, such that the timestamps displayed in the email appeared to be several hours ahead of the email's timestamp in time zones that are behind UTC time. To resolve this confusion, the emails sent by the task manager have been updated to indicate that the timestamps are in UTC.   
492744 |  Work Order |  Work Orders containing equipment where the "Do Not Allow WO Entry or Completion" option is enabled on the Configuration tab of the equipment do not allow the work order status to be changed to Completed. Additionally, new work orders cannot be created for the equipment while this option is enabled. However, work orders were also being prevented from being edited when the equipment is set up to not allow entry or completion. This issue has been corrected, such that the work order can be edited (but not completed).   
487445  |  Work Order |  In the Work Order Search screen, the work order description has been added to the panel title for WO Parts.   
490542 |  Task Management |  An issue has been corrected for the PM generation task, in which the execution details would report success for a listing of master plans, but no PMs would actually be created. The execution details will now report the proper successes and failures when the task is executed.  
513496 |  Work Order UI/UX |  This change modified the font size assigned to the label of empty, non-editable fields on forms, so that the font size matches the editable and/or non-empty fields on the form.  
517287 |  Equipment |  When creating new equipment by copying from existing equipment, the Hierarchy Parent field is now included in the list of fields that will be copied.  
517297 |  Purchase Order |  It is possible for the Two Way Match flag of a purchase order to be enabled in a plant that does not have Invoice Matching or Invoice Interface enabled in Module Availability, if that plant previously used invoicing features. At PO Receipt time, this flag is used to determine whether a two-way match voucher needs to be created for the receipt; and in plants no longer using invoicing, the enabled two-way match flag on the PO would produce an error during voucher creation. This correction ensures that the plant currently has Invoice Matching or Invoice Interface enabled, prior to any attempt to create a voucher for a purchase order where the Two Way Match flag is enabled.  
517305 |  Request for Quote |  In RFQ bid entry, the Lines tab is now disabled for new bids until the bid header is created by selecting the Create button. Previously, both Header and Lines tabs were enabled on new bid entry, allowing the Lines tab to be accessed before creating the bid header.   
518417 |  Purchase Order |  The Two Way Match flag, which is specific to invoicing features, is now visible on the Main tab for Suppliers and the Terms tab for Purchase Orders only in plants where the Invoice Matching or Invoice Interface module is enabled in Module Availability.  
518735 |  Requisition  |  When manually adding an item to a requisition via the New Line option, non-permanent items (as defined on the Item Type in Setup) may be entered. Previously, there was no ability for the user to enter an item number for these item types; EAM would auto-generate an item number upon saving the requisition line. This change allows the user to assign their own item number to an item of these types, which will be used on the requisition line when it is saved. If no item number is supplied by the user, then an item number will continue to be auto-generated.  
518848 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Companies, clicking on the Plants icon would disable all other icons upon open of the Plants panel, and these icons did not re-enable upon closure of the panel. This change keeps all icons enabled when Plants is selected, as that panel does not have an Edit option available that would necessitate disabling the other icons.   
517650  |  Setup |  This change improves the performance of the initial retrieval of the Table Element Settings, when the option of the same name is selected from the Setup menu.   
517743 |  All |  The Item Description has been made a required field in the Add Line Item pane of the following modules: Requisition, Request for Quote, Purchasing, and Shipping Orders. This is important for items that are of a "no item created" item type, where a description of the item is not available inventory and thus must be provided during line item entry.  
518058 |  Invoice |  This change hides Invoicing setup options under Edit Preferences when the user is logged into a plant that does not have the Invoice Matching module enabled in Module Availability.  
518349 |  Invoice |  This change hides the Invoice toggle and the Direct Charge Approval limit on the Configurations tab of the Employee, in plants that do not have the Invoice Matching module enabled in Module Availability.   
235056 |  Tenant Portal: |  Last Access Date has been added to the grid in the Manage Users feature.   
242043  |  Inventory |  In the Item Search, the Return option now contains selections for Work Order and Requisition. Previously, the only option available was Account.   
250232 |  Tenant Portal |  When adding a new plant, a "Use Company Address" toggle has been added. When this toggle is enabled, the plant address will be defaulted to the company address.  
254859 |  Requisition |  When creating a new requisition and entering delivery information, an inactive employee ID is accepted as valid in the Deliver To field. However, upon clicking Next to create the requisition, an error message would be displayed during save of the delivery information, indicating that an inactive employee isn't valid in Deliver To. This error previously displayed after the requisition was already created. This change validates the Deliver To value when the user clicks Next, before the requisition saved, to alert the user that the inactive user ID is invalid in the Deliver To field.  
259156 |  Data Loader |  Task Manager: The last_date_counted field could not be updated when entering a value on the Bins tab of the "Item Others" spreadsheet and running the data loader. Entry of a value would result in an error message stating that the last date counted is protected from update. To resolve this issue, the following changes have been applied: The delivered value of Protect has been changed in the Table Element Settings for last_date_counted, so that the field is not protected by default. If the spreadsheet row is updating both qty_on_hand and date_last_counted, the value entered for date_last_counted will be the value loaded to the database. If the qty_on_hand is not being updated but a value is specified for date_last_counted, the date_last_counted will not be updated in the database during the spreadsheet load. If the qty_on_hand is updated but no value is provided for date_last_counted, the value of date_last_counted will be set to the current date in the database when the spreadsheet is loaded. If the qty_on_hand value provided matches the value already in the database, the last_date_counted will not be updated and no Adjust transaction will be created.   
259373 |  Security |  In Assign User Access, the Filter on the user list became unavailable after opening a panel on the right. The user list will now retain the Filter capability on the left when the right side panel is open, to match the pattern already established elsewhere in the application.   
259937 |  Security |  The original implementation of Window Access for Security groups allowed all users with update security access to automatically enter edit mode upon clicking the Window Access icon. After each change to a checkbox for security access, the data would be saved. This change enhances the usability of the Window Access screen by adding Edit, Save, and Cancel buttons for users with update access. In Edit mode, multiple checkbox changes can be made before saving all changes at once. Additionally, all actions for a given window may be added or removed at once, via a new checkbox adjacent to each window name.   
261944 |  Security |  A pop-out option has been added to the Window Access panel for Security Groups, allowing the window names and actions to be viewed in full screen mode.  
264950 |  Requisition |  The process of adding new lines to a requisition has been modified such that the listing of requisition lines will automatically scroll so that the last line added is visible. When adding a single line, the listing will be scrolled so that line is visible. When adding multiple lines, for example from the Item Search or an E-catalog, the listing will scroll so that the last line added is visible. This change prevents the user from having to manually scroll the list to the last line added, in cases where the requisition contains more lines than can be viewed at once.   
270061  |  Task Management |  Task Manager: When scheduling tasks, the scheduled times entered were saved to the database in UTC time. This was confusing to users, who assumed that the dates and times entered were recorded in their local time. To alleviate this confusion, a new dropdown for Time Zone has been added to task scheduling. When entering new tasks, the value will default to the Time Zone defined for the currently selected plant in the tenant portal.   
278435 |  Task Management |  When creating a schedule for the Print WO task in Task Manager, the Printer Selection previously did not default to any value upon enabling the Cloud Print toggle, even if user or plant level printer preferences were defined for cloud printing. Now when the Cloud Print toggle is activated, the user's default printer will be selected by default when the user has a Default Document Printer selected under User Cloud Print Preferences. If the user has no default printer defined, then the plant level Default Document Printer will be used as the default printer selection, if a default plant level printer is defined in Cloud Print Setup. If no default value can be determined, then a manual printer selection will be required.   
278628 |  Task Management |  Task Manager: In the Print WO task, the error message displayed for an invalid reprint date has been changed to reflect the user's chosen date format in the user preferences. Additionally, the task details have been corrected to reflect "Yes" in the "Record Succeeded" column after a successful print.  
281236 |  Setup |  In Language Setup, the original English Message Text and the Language Text have been updated to use text wrapping so that the entire text can be viewed or entered without scrolling or changing the width of the fields.   
282155 |  Setup |  Two UI changes were made for Cloud Printing: <ol><li>In Setup-> Cloud Printing, the group boxes for account information and the printer list were left aligned, and the printer list grid was expanded to accommodate the full list of printers.</li><li> In Inventory-> Item Search -> Print Labels, the width of the printer dropdown was increased to better allow for display of the full printer name.</li><ul>
285490 |  All |  In the search screens in EAM, double-clicking on a row in the search results will open the details in full screen mode in a new tab. However, there were several modules where double-clicking on top of the hyperlink would open the details in the right-side panel rather than in a new tab. Additionally, there were several modules where double-clicking in the search results row with the right panel already open would not open a new tab in full screen mode; instead, the details would open in the right panel. Both of these issues have been corrected, such that double-clicking anywhere on a search results row in any module will open the details in a new tab, regardless of whether the right-side panel is already open or whether the double-click was over the hyperlink.   
285628 |  Data Loader |  The WO Header tab of the spreadsheet for the Work Orders data loader contains a field that indicates whether the data is historical. When the historical indicator is Yes and a value is provided for entered_by, that value is used and is not validated. If no value is supplied when the historical indicator is Yes, or if the historical indicator is No, the value will always be set to the logged-in user; prior to this change, the value would be set to "taskexecution". The instructions spreadsheet has been updated for the entered_by field to reflect this change in processing.   
286798 |  Tenant Portal |  Tenant Portal: The Region ID dropdown for companies is now limited to only those regions currently in use. Unused regions are omitted.   
301238 |  Tenant Portal |  In the About \<Company Name\> window in EAM, the plant information display has been updated such that the Plant Description from the Tenant Portal appears beside the plant code, and the Plant Address displays below the plant and description.  
309210 |  Purchase Order |  The underlying query generation mechanism for the Purchase Order Search has been modified to properly retrieve the data for queries containing fields from the PO line item, when the PO line item is not included in the latest change order of the purchase order and the "Show Change Order" box is unchecked. In this case, the line item data from the most recent change order of the line will be retrieved, along with the data from the most recent version of the PO header.   
325547 |  Task Management |  Task Manager: When scheduling a task, the options for Hourly, Weekly, and Monthly have been updated to replace the "x hours x minutes" format with a dropdown list containing 15-minute intervals of all times in a 24-hour time-frame. For example, an hourly schedule previously defined as every day at 9 hours 0 minutes will now be defined as every day at 09:00.  
326684  |  Security |  When selecting the Security Groups option from the EAM main menu, occasionally there would be no security group data retrieved. The root cause of this issue has been identified and corrected.  
329830 |  Setup |  In the Settings section of EAM Options in the Setup module, the option "User session timeout (minutes)" has been removed from the user interface. This option is not user configurable and should be accessed or modified only by Aptean.  
331367  |  Query Wizard |  In query setup, the Public Access tab did not always display the scroll bar when the listing of available security groups exceeded the height of the screen; the workaround was to change the zoom on the browser, which would cause the scroll bar to appear. The root cause of this issue has been identified and corrected, such that the scroll bar is visible at all times when the number of security groups requires horizontal scrolling of the screen.   
331753 |  Data Loader |  Data Loader: After the Event Comments field label was changed from "remarks" to "comments" in the spreadsheet template for the Events data loader, the comments stopped loading to the database. The root cause of this issue has been corrected, so that Event Comments are now loaded when the "comments" field is supplied with a value.   
341212 |  Tenant Portal |  In Manage Plant, the label of the field formerly identified as "Time Zone" has been changed to "Plant Time Zone". Additionally, the display of the field value has been changed to include the description.   
341230  |  Tenant Portal |  Tenant Portal: The Manage Sync option is now available in view-only mode for Customer Administrators, who will be able to query all sync operations performed in a specific date range. For each sync operation, the Company, Operation, Change Made On (what did the operation affect, e.g. a change was made to Plant information), the status of the sync, and the timestamp will be available.  
256412 |  Tenant Portal |  Tenant Portal: In Manage Companies, the contextual icons were not disabling after clicking Edit in the Groups pane. This allowed another panel to be opened after fields in Groups were modified but not yet saved. To eliminate such potential data loss, the side panel icons will now disable upon clicking Edit in Groups, and will re-enable upon clicking Save or Cancel.

