---  

title: "What's New in 11.6.1 "  
draft: false 
type: Article

---

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

Bug ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
487618 |  Work Management  |  On the completion screen, comments were being displayed as **Completion Remarks**. This issue has been addressed by changing the display term from **Completion Remarks** to **Completion Comments**.  
494575 |  Work Management  |  WO Search queries were timed out in the UI, despite quick SQL execution on the database. To fix this, a new Tabware option, **SuffixSQLForQueryExec** , has been introduced defaulting to empty. This change aims to resolve UI-query execution disparities, enhancing WO Search performance.  
342983 / 510634 |  Work Management / WebApps |  The Event End Time was not being converted to UTC, resulting in an issue where the Event end date and time must be later than the Event start date and time. The issue has been resolved by implementing a solution that involves converting the event end date from local time to UTC time when completing the Work Order.  
328739 |  Work Management |  The security action **Restrict Update to WOs Entered by User** for Work Orders did not prevent changes to planning. To address this issue, the security settings have been updated. Security restrictions have been honored on all tabs of the Work Order.  
461136 |  Work Management |  There was an issue with the Resources card in work order planning. The issue has been resolved by resizing the columns' width in the resource card grid to better accommodate the data within the columns.  
489435 |  Work Management |  When attempting to print a work order, a blank error message was displayed in the UI. This was caused by using the outdated parameter **StorageType** for printing work order documents with the setup option configured as **No.** The parameter has been updated to the current one, **DocumentProviderType.**  
495185 |  Work Management |  Work Order module queries were returning multiple rows for a single Work Order because the join to eq_events was incorrect on the equipment, not the work order. To address this issue, a flow has been added to remove ignore join IDs from relationship join IDs when generating QW queries.  
495233 |  Work Management |  In Stores Activity queries, multiple rows were being returned for a single transaction. This problem was caused by a bad join to po_v_computed_columns, which resulted in all change order numbers for a purchase order being returned. To resolve this issue, a new join ID was created for in_log_materials and po_v_computed_columns. Additionally, 97 and 104 join IDs that were causing the problem of getting duplicate data when executing QW Queries in the Stores Activity module have been inserted into the zz_qw_module_ignore table.  
495747 |  Work Management |  Modifications made to the core return expected flag were not being saved correctly. The issue has been resolved by implementing a fix. After turning on the flag on the form and saving, a function is added that refreshes the row using the grid function refreshCells once the data is set on the grid. This ensures that modifications to the core return expected flag are saved properly.  
501047 |  Work Management |  Opening Work Order (WO) Details from the WO Query Wizard sometimes resulted in blank panels. This issue has been resolved by implementing a fix. If serial data is not found in the eq_serial (possibly due to bad data), the serial description value will be set to null. However, instead of leaving blank panels, the Work Order details notebook will still be loaded.  
512117 |  Work Management | Work order descriptions loaded with the data loader were not visible in the work order search query. The issue has been fixed by implementing a check for **dataTranslationenabled**, allowing us to insert the translation of the description of the newly created work order into the table, ensuring visibility in the work order search query.   
509409 | Technician | Splitting occurrences was not working in the Scheduling module. The issue has been resolved, and the splitting occurrences now function as expected.  
466819 |  Webapps Scheduling |  The scheduling functionality within Webapps was constrained due to the inability to split or shrink occurrences involving multiple resources. To overcome this issue, an enhancement was introduced to the scheduling system, allowing users to split and reassign work orders. Upon deleting a split work order, a distinct entry is now generated, ensuring separate records and maintaining data integrity. The reassignment of work orders was refined to target specific instances, preventing the need for reassigning all instances.  
493472 |  WebApps |  In the mobile approval screen of Webapps, the Work Order long description contained HTML tags. To resolve this issue, the HTML tags have been removed from the Work Order long description field. Additionally, the field has been configured as an HTML editor, ensuring that the content is displayed correctly in the mobile approval screen without HTML tags.  
500725 |  WebApps |  The TabWare Scheduling ER needed to be moved to EAM, particularly related to Multi-Craft Resources in Advanced Scheduling. To address this, a new setting is introduced, allowing users to choose whether to display Primary Crafts, All Crafts, or No Craft for each resource. Additionally, an option to schedule an employee based on their secondary craft is added.  
501087 |  WebApps |  A row was not being added in the WoLogActivity table for the status update on publish, leading to status reset issues when dragging a work order. This issue has been fixed by switching to Controller Code, resolving rule call issues and ensuring proper tracking of status updates.  
507329 |  WebApps |  An error occurred when attempting to check out parts through the Technician interface, resulting in a reorder error. The issue has been resolved by adding a delimiter after the last item on the list. This adjustment ensures that the execution proceeds as expected, preventing the timeout error and maintaining the proper functioning of the process.  
259925 |  Task Management |  The **Modify Task** button in Task Management/Task Schedule Details has been improved to provide better functionality. A function has been added to decode the cron expressions. Now, when you click the **Modify Task** button, the cron panel will open in the correct format, and the appropriate data will be set.  
374142 |  Task Management |  Task Management tasks exhibited inconsistencies among different plant codes. The issue has been resolved by implementing the pending custom Integration jobs for all plant codes and attaching the necessary scripts. This resolution ensures the alignment of Task Management tasks across plant codes, enhancing consistency and overall system performance.  
490959 |  Shipping Order |  When attempting to forward a Shipping Order, the expected pop-up was not appearing. The issue has been resolved by adding a **from module** in the action function, which was missing. Consequently, the controller was coming up as null, preventing the pop-up from appearing. The controller has been modified to correctly handle the forwarding process, ensuring that the pop-up now functions as expected when forwarding a Shipping Order.  
301475 |  Setup |  Exported data from the Event Search does not reflect the client time but rather displays the server time. Additionally, several anomalies were observed, including always displaying server time in the Excel sheet, grouping columns failing to display, showing all records regardless of user-applied filters, and not displaying the latest column rearrangements. These issues have been fixed by invoking the Ag-grid export method **onExportClient** instead of **onExportServer**.  
501580 |  Setup |  Users encountered a **Join ID** error when copying the Open WOS system query to a new query. The issue causing **Join ID** errors in queries within WO (Work Order) has been addressed, by regenerating the queries in WO to correct the mismatch between the target table name in qw_query_column and zz_qw_table_relationship.  
507083 |  Setup |  The usage of consolidated object keys as filters is causing a negative impact on query performance. To enhance query performance, we have resolved this issue by splitting the filters in PO (cf_purchase_order) and WO (cf_work_order) into their respective fields. This refinement involves dividing cf_purchase_order into purchase order, release, and change_order, and cf_work_order into wo_base, wo_task, and wo_subtask.  
511709 |  Setup |  In the Setup Options screen, the status was not initially displayed on the grid. It only appeared when a user selected and edited a row. The issue occurred when the drop-down type was set to 'Description' or 'Code-Description,' as the column failed to populate string values in these cases. The issue has been fixed, and now the status column displays values regardless of the dropdown type.  
498463 | Setup | Plant descriptions containing commas were splitting along with the plant list. To address this issue, the following changes are made: Instead of using the plant description, the plant code is considered for saving the plant list. This enhancement impacts adding and updating new languages, especially for plants with commas in their descriptions.  
493609 / 484022 |  Setup |  The query **DefaultBInLabel** was missing from the list of queries delivered. The issue has been resolved by implementing the query **DefaultBinLabel**.  
452670 | Setup | The default value for **Deliver ICFilterByEquipment** was initially set to **Yes** , but it should have been set to **No**. This issue has been resolved by updating the script to correctly set the default value of **Deliver ICFilterByEquipment** to **No**.  
510730 | Setup | When multiple description columns were added to a query, some of those columns were ignored and not displayed in the UI. To avoid the omission of columns in the UI, a solution to check the columns in the backend, is implemented, ensuring proper data display in the UI.  
498515 |  Security |  Removing a security group from a user took immediate effect in the session, potentially causing the user to lose the ability to assign any more security groups. The mentioned issue was fixed in the bug. Additionally, a window-level save was added to the UserGroups and UserStoresLocation Screens rather than requiring a save on every checkbox check/uncheck.  
499216 |  Security |  In the non-logged-in plant, a user with access to both window and table elements couldn't access table elements when editing group security access. To address this issue, access has been updated for all the logged-in plants. This ensures that users with access to both window and table elements can correctly access table elements when editing group security access in the non-logged-in plant.  
499273 |  Security |  Users without any group access in a particular plant were unable to give access to other users, and an **Invalid Data Provided** message was displayed. To address this issue, users without any group access are now allowed to enable group access for other users. This change ensures that users can grant group access to others even if they themselves do not have any group access in the specified plant.  
504842 |  Security |  The word **TabWare** has been removed from the windows description. The correction was made to the description for 'Global' and 'Plant' actions in the zz_window_action table.  
511678 |  Security |  In the New Plant Procedure, the **Restrict Updates to WOs Entered By User** security access control setting is incorrectly set to false for the Planner and Supervisor groups. To resolve this issue, the security access control for **Restrict Updates to WOs Entered By User** has been corrected to true for the Planner and Supervisor groups in the New Plant Procedure.  
416837 |  RFQ |  The RFQ award option was listed under the wrong section. The issue has been resolved by changing the option **copy awarded bid values to unapproved reqline** under the RFQ section.  
433050 |  RFQ |  The Status field on RFQ lines did not correspond to the awarded status of the line. To resolve this issue, the RFQ Status was modified from **Awarded** to **Partially Awarded.** Additionally, old RFQ data statuses were updated to **Partially Awarded** to align with the new status.  
268799 |  Requisition |  In Requisition Line Details, users were unable to view delivery information on lines that cannot be edited. They had to navigate to the 'Add Delivery Location' form to access useful information on editable lines. The issue has been resolved with the following solutions: Details of the selected delivery ID are displayed in the Requisition Line Notebook, allowing users to view delivery information without navigating to another form. Delivery details are now displayed in the drop-down menu along with the delivery ID, improving accessibility to important information.  
493125 |  Requisition |  The initial implementation of Requisition Log Activity Comments within the Requisition Query Wizard was inaccurate. The issue has been rectified through an adjustment to the implementation by adding a condition that ensures the activity comments are not null, specifically for the req_line_count column.  
500145 |  Requisition |  To improve the user experience, a new column **#RFQ** has been added to the requisition grid. This addition enhances the utility of the grid, particularly in the Buyer's Backlog query filters.  
507316 |  Requisition |  Requisition lines for permanent items were utilizing the Mechanical Integrity field from the work order rather than the item record. The issue has been resolved by modifying the logic. The system now retrieves the Mechanical Integrity value from the item specification. If the item specification is null, it will then be obtained from the work order for work order requisition types.  
507533 |  Requester |  Users were not able to proceed to the next screen when attempting to create a request without using hierarchy. Clicking on equipment was failing to navigate to the expected next step. The issue has been resolved by adding null check before applying the trim function to the equipment value.  
470937 |  Repairables |  A substantial amount of unnecessary valid values for items were being retrieved through API calls. This issue has been effectively addressed. To reduce the unnecessary valid values for items, they are included in the **IncludeValidValuesExceptions** section of the API payload. Additionally, retrieving store locations along with item valid values in the API calls are refrained, since these valid values are not used in the view.  
495240 |  Repairables |  In the Repair Log, when acknowledging an issue for repair and clicking OK, the refresh of the search query would hang, particularly depending on which query was used. The issue has been resolved by adding a null check for the data that will be fetched from the selected node. This change prevents the refresh of the search query from hanging, regardless of the query used.  
499010 |  Repairables |  In the Repairable system, when an item is returned for repair, the issued quantity was incorrectly being increased. The issue has been resolved by removing the logic that increased the issued quantity for repairable items when they were returned for repair.  
499993 |  Repairables |  In the Repairable system, when a serial item is returned for repair, the serial was not being shown in the popup. To address this issue, a logic has been added to show the issued serial in the popup when the status is not **returned** as well.  
505651 |  Repairables |  In the Repair Log, there were issues with the Delivery tab information in the Repair Requisition section. The issue has been resolved by disabling the **adddeliverylocation** button and adding a disabled class for the delivery date.  
495552 |  Query Wizard |  In the Shipping Order Query Setup, there was no search available for the plant code criterion. To address this issue, a search icon has been added for the plant column in the Shipping Order module.  
499955 |  Query Wizard |  In Query Setup, most modules lacked a search option for the Plant on the criteria tab, even though the plant is validated. The issue has been resolved by adding a search icon on the criteria tab in all modules of the Query Wizard.  
507077 |  Query Wizard |  The use of DISTINCT and TOP nnn keywords in MSSQL queries was causing unpredictable adverse effects on execution. This issue has been resolved by transferring the DISTINCT functionality to the C# application logic using dataTable.DataView.ToTable(true), ensuring predictable results. Additionally, the SQL text with TOP 7500 was adjusted as necessary. An override for filling datasets was introduced to provide precise query control, thereby mitigating unpredictable effects on MSSQL execution.  
507088 |  Query Wizard |  There were two miscellaneous Query Wizard (QW) issues in timeout. The issues have been resolved by making several adjustments. The TOP 7500 from SQL Server to C# side has been handled using a Fill method override. Additionally, Distinct has been handled as part of C# by using dataTable.DataView.ToTable(true). The option MaximumTimeoutTime has been deprecated/replaced with MaxTimeForQryExec. Furthermore, a new option called use_suffix_option (visible only to Aptean admin) has been added to append the SQL mentioned in the SuffixSQLForQueryExec to every SQL query.  
470596 |  Purchasing |  Receipts for a purchase order that did not come from a requisition do not write the stores location on the receipt. The issue has been resolved by fixing the backend process. Now, the stores location will be properly passed and saved in a PO receipt activity.  
485190 |  Purchasing |  The views used by both the **Ready for Purchase** and **Ready for Quote** queries were returning ineligible requisition lines, particularly those with _order_flag = 1 or change_order_action = deleted. The issue has been resolved by adding a change order condition when retrieving lines from requisitions. This change ensures that ineligible requisition lines are avoided, improving the accuracy and relevance of results in both the **Ready for Purchase** and **Ready for Quote** screens.  
486413 |  Purchasing |  Purchase Order (PO) text linked to an item or supplier was added to the purchase order, but it was not displaying in the item notebook. Additionally, the PO Text tab for the supplier's linked text was missing. The issue has been resolved by ensuring that linked item PO text and linked supplier PO text are correctly displayed. Furthermore, item PO text is automatically added to the purchase order text when transferring a requisition to a purchase order, ensuring that all relevant text information is properly maintained.  
494091 |  Purchasing |  Duplicate rows were occurring for a requisition line linked to a RFQ. To resolve this, the view definition responsible for retrieving requisition line data has been adjusted. The modification ensures that a requisition line connected to an RFQ is retrieved only once, and it now includes all relevant details, including those related to the awarded supplier's response.  
494644 |  Purchasing |  The PO Receipts screen failed to load for valid POs with lines, requiring comments in the header for it to function. This was due to a missing null check for comments on the receipt screen. this issue has been addressed by adding a null check for comments on the receipt screen. This change ensures smooth loading of the PO Receipts screen for all valid POs, regardless of whether comments are provided in the header.  
500152 |  Purchasing |  Reorder requisitions that were migrated from TabWare were showing up in EAM's Ready for Purchase queue but not in TabWare's. To address this issue, the source view po_v_bb_purch_quote was updated in the Ready for Quote query. Specifically, a condition was added to filter out rows where outside_purchase_flag = 0. This ensures that lines with outside_purchase_flag = 0 are excluded from the query.  
506095 |  Purchasing |  The display order of columns was mismatched within the context of a specific Pull Request, which introduced modifications to the **Ready For Analysis SYS Query**. The issue has been resolved by regenerating the query for the **Ready For Analysis SYS Query** which rectifies the column order mismatch caused by the changes introduced in Pull Request.  
506098 |  Purchasing |  The reassignment of a buyer in the 'Ready For Approval' stage was failing. The 'Result Message' was missing in the Mass Update Report, and the RFQ number didn't have a hyperlink. The issue has been resolved. The Mass Update Report now includes clear success/failure messages for buyer reassignments, and RFQ numbers are hyperlinked for easy access.  
506098 |  Purchasing |  In the **Ready For Approval** process, reassigning a buyer was unsuccessful. The Mass Update Report lacked the 'Result message' and the hyperlink was not available for the RFQ numbers. The issue has been addressed by incorporating the 'Result message' in the Mass Update Report and introducing hyperlinks for RFQ numbers. Additionally, the reassignment process now considers RFQ responses, ensuring accurate success and failure indications in the **Ready For Approval** screen.  
506825 |  Purchasing |  When issuing a change order, the system was not considering line 000 in the change order. The issue has been resolved by ensuring that all the lines in the current purchase order (PO) are considered for supplier minimum validation when issuing a change order. This enhancement ensures that line 000 is also included in the validation process.  
510890 |  PM Schedules |  Task Management Users lacked permission to update status, causing PM generation to complete with warnings. This issue has been resolved by granting Task Management Users access to the w_wo_status_eu window.  
510909 |  PM Schedules |  Users were restricted to deleting only one PM schedule at a time, even if they selected multiple schedules. This limitation has been addressed by enabling the deletion of multiple selected PM schedules simultaneously. Additionally, a new report view has been introduced to display the list of deleted records, enhancing record-keeping and accountability.  
244528 |  Migration |  In Query Wizard Setup, most criteria in an **ask at execution** query were not configured as **ask at execution.** A new logic has been introduced to address this. Now, if the sy_query ask_at_execution flag is set to true, all columns within the query will also have their ask_at_execution flag set to true. This ensures that the majority of criteria in an **ask at execution** query are correctly configured as such.  
491215 |  Migration |  The PM Generation Task was failing in the Plant. To resolve this issue, a new table called tm_task_instance_execution_message is introduced to retrieve messages using their messageId and incorporate them into the Task Management system. Instead of storing the message itself, a reference is stored to it to retrieve when needed, ensuring the smooth functioning of the Task Management system.  
495072 |  Migration |  During the CC Migration process, the migration of the wo_work_order.external_work_order field into CP_CC_PREVIEW_TWO did not occur as intended. Resolution: The issue has been addressed by updating the script responsible for adding the necessary column, which was originally intended to facilitate the migration in the first place.  
277148 |  Licensing |  The **Kill** button was not enabled when all rows in the grid were selected in the Session Management screen of the portal. This issue has been resolved by implementing the functionality to kill multiple session. Users can now select multiple sessions and terminate them all in a single action.  
449017 |  Invoice |  There was an issue with the column headings not displaying correctly. To address this issue, an option icon has been added at the end of all columns in the Invoice Line Detail screen. This enhancement ensures that the column headings display correctly.  
506114 |  Invoice |  When attempting to upload the same document through ADP for the second time, no error is displayed. This issue has been addressed by providing corrected data to the showMessages function. The messageList has been adjusted to correctly display an error message when the same document is uploaded from the ADP interface.  
461243 |  Inventory |  Item Requirements were not being displayed on the Related tab of Inventory. This issue has been resolved by making necessary adjustments. Specifically, the **table_alias** is changed to **po_v_line_co** in the **SYS_PartsOnPurchaseOrders** Query within the **qw_query_criteria.**  
493205 |  Inventory |  Certain search queries were observed to return data, but the spinner never stopped. This issue did not occur when the browser console was open. To address this issue, the system now handles invalid data (e.g., empty strings or spaces) in decimal fields. If the data is not a valid number, it is treated as zero. This prevents uncaught exceptions while parsing float data, allowing the spinner to function correctly.  
495596 |  Inventory |  The **Add** button failed to function when a valid item number was entered in the Create Receipt Adjustment interface, resulting in details not being loaded. This issue has been resolved by improving functionality. If the user manually enters the item name, the details will now load after leaving the field's focus. Also the issue of item field's first entry validation has been resolved by eliminating the '_onValueBinded' event, which incorrectly treated the first entry as valid.  
495600 |  Inventory |  In the Stores Activity module, changing the Stores Location on the Related tab was causing multiple UI issues. To resolve this issue, a check has been implemented to verify whether the store location has any numeric values. This check ensures that the UI functions correctly and prevents the occurrence of multiple issues when changing the Stores Location on the Related tab.  
377057 |  Integration |  When generating a PM Work Order from a Maintenance Plan (MP), the EMP fields for planner and supervisor are not populated with valid information from the MP. The issue has been resolved by updating the SQL query within the relevant rule. Now the supervisor and planner codes are correctly retrieved from the MP and accurately populated in the PM Work Order.  
188656 |  General |  A show password icon has been added to the login screen, giving users the option to show or hide their password while logging in.  
242082 |  General |  The vertical scroll bar was inaccessible in the Tenant Portal's New User popup. To address this issue, right padding has been added to create a small space between the scroll bar and the border.  
460528 |  General |  IDs are being truncated when inputted with 60 characters. This issue has been resolved by extending the Col span of the 'itemid' and 'serialid' fields within the Serial Search and Item Search screens, as well as the Supplier Search screen. This adjustment ensures that longer IDs are accommodated properly.  
470101 |  Events |  The Events Query Wizard lacked the inclusion of employee names. The issue has been resolved by introducing the addition of the employee name (resource-name) column to the available selection of query wizard columns within the event module. Note that this update did not apply to queries containing employee_id that were provided as part of the out-of-the-box delivery.  
470102 |  Events |  The Events query wizard was using Work Order columns instead of Events columns. To resolve this issue, the following updates have been made: The join ID **5** category has been updated to **Remarks.** The join ID **11** category has been updated to **Costs.** The join ID **79** category has been updated to **Analysis Code.** The join ID **43** category has been updated to **WO Costs.**  
495567 |  Events |  In edit mode within the Events screen, the Analysis Codes dropdowns exhibit duplicated code values when both DropDownViewSettings and GridViewSettings are configured as **Both**. To address this, a condition has been introduced for the dropdown fields, particularly for code-description pairs, when retrieving data for display.  
470103 |  Events |  The absence of a long description feature in the Events module limited the ability to provide detailed information. The issue has been resolved through the following actions: A new table named eq_events_long_description has been incorporated, featuring the specified columns. An HTML Editor for long descriptions has been integrated into the events notebook page. The long description column has been added to the query wizard of the Events module.  
307122 |  Equipment |  When executing a query with the **%** character included, the **Ask at Execution** popup displays an incorrect default value. This occurs when users utilize the like/not like operator. This issue has been resolved by removing the conversion of values for the like/not like operator during query searches.  
499293 |  Equipment |  In the Hierarchy feature, the Work Order contextual retrieval fails to capture any open or closed work orders associated with equipment. The issue has been resolved by making modifications to the criteria conditions of the **SYS Open WOs Hierarchy** query. This adjustment ensures accurate retrieval of open and closed work orders for the respective equipment.  
505504 |  Equipment |  Users were unable to change the hierarchy parent for an equipment in the equipment notebook. This issue has been resolved by fixing the data transfer to the API. Previously, the parent data was not being sent properly. After making the necessary changes, users can now change the hierarchy parent for equipment without any issues.  
507578 |  Equipment |  The Equipment Hierarchy user interface fails to refresh when equipment is moved using drag and drop. The issue has been resolved by removing unnecessary code related to the result variable, particularly within the context of the result.success flow. This corrective action ensures the Equipment Hierarchy UI refreshes as expected after equipment is moved via drag and drop.  
501577 |  Employees |  An **invalid craft** error occurred when selecting codes from the dropdown list in the **Craft** field on the Employee Skills tab. To resolve this, the system was updated. Now, the error no longer appears on the Employee Skills tab, bringing it in line with the behavior in the Work Order Planning tab. Additionally, the **Craft** field on the Employee Skills tab is now read-only, allowing users to view craft codes without encountering the **invalid craft** error.  
258581 / 255387 |  Employee |  The process of saving a new employee record was hindered due to required fields being located on disabled tabs that were inaccessible for data entry.: This issue was resolved by adjusting the configuration. Specifically, the 'required' field in 'zz_elements' for the 'default_req_reviewer' element was set to 0. This change ensures that the error related to required fields is no longer triggered, regardless of tab accessibility.  
475470 |  Documents |  The ADP setup was not properly completed, and there were no error messages when updating documents. To address this problem, we have implemented a solution that will now show relevant error messages if any necessary document fields are missing during the updating process.  
505994 |  Documents |  When copying documents in sp_wo_copy_planning, the provider ID was not being copied. To resolve this issue, the stored procedure (SP) sp_wo_copy_planning has been updated to include the copying of the provider ID.  
497065 |  Data Loader |  There was an issue where Suppliers/UD Elements could not load. To resolve this issue, a reference to a property was added, as this class was not inheriting from BaseDto. Inheritance from BaseDto has been added to ensure that Suppliers/UD Elements can load successfully.  
448069 |  Buyers Backlog |  An issue has been identified with the save button functionality in the Reassign Buyer tab. To resolve this issue, after the form banner is displayed, the save button data is retrieved from the ID in the view. Subsequently, this data is utilized to invoke the disable function on the save button.  
219227 |  Admin |  In the Tenant Portal, there was an issue with passwords getting changed by the system when they shouldn't be. To address this issue, a show/hide password checkbox has been added to the reset password screen in the Tenant Portal.  
342979 |  Admin |  Copying and pasting from portal fields was not functioning as expected. This issue has been by implementing the copy and paste functionality for fields that were previously not being copied in the tenant portal.  
344794 |  Admin |  Users couldn't edit the Sys_Con_Repairable_Movements query in Aptean admin because it contained query joins unrelated to the Repair Log module, leading to an error. This issue has been resolved by adjusting the query module to **Stores Activity**.  
470597 |  Admin |  Aptean Administrator users were not being synchronized in the database upon creating a new user. The issue has been resolved by eliminating the default plant check condition for the Aptean Administrator case. This modification has removed the obstruction that was previously preventing the insertion of records into the se_users table.  
490959 |  Admin |  In the Session Manager, there was an error preventing the deletion of sessions. Users encountered the error message **EAM API call failed.** To resolve this issue, it was identified that the B2CScopes were missing in the database. The missing B2CScopes have been added to the database, resolving the error.  
492272 |  Admin |  When creating a Portal User, the associated EAM license was not being assigned in EAM. The issue has been resolved by modifying the license assignment process. Previously, the EAM Core license was being added only to the first customer admin. This constraint has been removed, and now the EAM Core License will be assigned to all users who have the customer administrator role.  
498018 |  Admin |  The database dropdown was not responding when a customer admin logged in, and the company name field was not populated correctly. To resolve this issue, changes have been made to the system. It now waits for the company field data to completely load before loading the databases.  
498793 |  Admin |  No security groups were assigned to the user when a user was given Aptean Administrator privileges. The issue has been resolved by implementing logic that automatically adds the AllAccess security group when granting the user the Aptean Administrator role.

