---  

title: "What's New in 11.7.1"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---
  
## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

Bug ID/ Case ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
547681 |  Scheduling | In the Scheduling module, a problem occurred where clicking on a calendar consistently opened tasks for the current week instead of the intended calendar week. This issue has been successfully addressed by implementing a solution that respects the selected calendar settings.  
547683 |  Scheduling |  An issue was encountered while scheduling work for an employee, where the minutes action was not clickable. This issue has been successfully resolved.  
547701 |  Technician |  An issue was identified with the completion flow of the Main Work Order despite the setup option being configured to allow completion even if the associated tasks/subtasks are not closed. This issue has been successfully resolved.  
549539 |  Inventory |  An issue was identified where the query output displayed criticality data despite the data being removed from the record. This occurred due to an incorrect rule that was updating the value back to its previous state. This issue has been rectified.   
543117, 551698 |  Tenant Portal |  An issue occurred where creating a new user failed in the portal with the 'EndUser' role. This was due to recent changes implemented to check licensing for Mobile App-related security. This issue has been resolved by implementing the following logic:<ul><li> If the user is assigned to the 'EndUser' role in the Tenant portal.</li><li>If only the 'Requester' group is assigned, the user will be assigned to the 'RequesterLicense' group (including Requester license) and the 'Mobile Requester' group in EAM.</li><li> If the 'EAMCORE/Technician' group is assigned, the user will be assigned to the 'Core License' and 'No Access' in EAM.</li><li>If the 'Administrator' group is assigned, the user will be assigned to 'AllAccess' and 'Core License'.* If none of the above conditions apply, the user will be assigned to 'No Access'.</li><ul>

  
  
We have made some Technology upgrade in EAM for scalability and better
performance.

