---  

title: "What's New in 11.7.2"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---

## Enhancements

The section provides the information on the enhancements in this release:

ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
418000 |  Setup |  In Setup, a new EAM Option "Allow Split Charges on PO and Requisition Lines" has been added for the Purchasing module. This option is disabled by default, allowing split charges. When the option is overridden as enabled in the current plant, split charges will not be allowed on requisitions or purchase orders, such that only a single charge line at 100% is allowed.   
460677 |  Equipment |  We have provided a new flow to create PM schedule from Equipment module. <ul><li>A new option, "New PM Schedule", has been added to the Equipment and Serial search screens, and may be used once an equipment or serial ID has been selected in the search results. This option shares security access with the "Set PM Schedule" option of the PM Search screen. When selected, the user will be asked whether any master plan is available; and if the answer is yes, the user will be redirected to the PM Schedule screen with the base equipment number defaulted. If no master plan is available, a new tab will be opened for Create New Work Order with a type of "PM-Master Plan" set by default, along with the equipment/serial number. Once the master plan is created, the user will proceed directly to the PM Schedule screen.</li><li> In the PM schedule screen, a new button ‘New Master Plan’ is added to facilitate creation of new master plan from this screen itself.</li><li> Additionally, a new contextual icon has been added. The "Plans" option already present in the equipment hierarchy has been added to the Equipment and Serial searches. </li><ul>
561282  |  Requisition |  The Transfer to PO option in the Ready for Purchase query of the Buyers Backlog has been updated to use the values of the EAM Option IDs "QuoteOnlyProcess" and "UpdateReqAfterAward" to determine whether the source of data transferred to the PO should come from the requisition line or the RFQ line when both are present. The data transferred to PO will come from the requisition line only when both options are enabled in Setup (set to Yes in the current plant). In all other cases, the data to transfer to PO will come from the awarded RFQ line.   
561284  |  Requisition |  In Setup, the RFQ module EAM Option ID "UpdateReqAfterRFQAward" has had its default value changed from Yes to No. This option should be disabled by default, as update of unapproved requisition line data after award of the associated RFQ line should be enabled only when the QuoteOnlyProcess option in the Requisition module is also enabled. The QuoteOnlyProcess is also disabled by default.   
  

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

Bug ID/ Case ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
353208  |  Query Wizard |  In Query Setup, a "duplicate query name" error for a given plant and module would be received when attempting to save a new private query with the same name as another user's private query, or with the same name as an existing public query. The same error was received when attempting to create a new public query with the same name as a private query. This issue has been corrected, such that the user ID of a private query or the "Public" designation of a query is taken into account when determining whether a query name is duplicated. After the correction, two queries are allowed to have the same name if the user IDs are different, or one is a private query and the other is a public query.  
447928  |  Query Wizard |  When data translations are being used, searching a description with the % operator will now search the translated descriptions. If no translation is available for the description, searching will be against the untranslated description.  
470593 |  Purchase Order  |  A new contextual icon, "Past Receipts", has been added to the Purchase Order Search and to the PO Line Item Details. When clicked, this option will show all past receipts for the PO line, if any.  
522458 |  Task Management |  In the Integration File Status search, the allowable date range for From Date and To Date has been increased from 15 days to 30.  
527230 |  Work Order |  This modification corrects the statuses available in the drop-down on the Work Order main tab based on the current status of the work order. For work orders that are not completed (the status is < 70 or > 79), the completion statuses of 70-79 will not appear in the drop-down, as the work order should be completed from the Completion tab. Once the work order is completed, all statuses are available in the drop-down list. Additionally, changes were made to ensure that the confirmation message always displays properly when the user attempts to cancel the work order from the drop-down.  
528817 |  Inventory |  The Stores Activity query has been updated to resolve duplicated heading names for two different fields that were both identified as "Extended Cost". These are now renamed "Transaction Extended Cost" and "Req Line Extended Cost."  
529754  |  Query Wizard |  The system-defined Work Order module query "SYS Standard Request" has been updated to allow spaces in the Task and Subtask when used as query criteria. This change was needed because non-task/subtask SRs have two spaces populated in the task and subtask fields, requiring spaces to be entered when searching specifically for base-level data.  
529920  |  Requisition |  Several changes were made to the Item Search import feature available in the requisition module. <ul><li> The Stores Location field must be available in the query being used for import. If not, a message indicating that Stores Location is required in the query is displayed.</li><li> The Stores Location selected by the user will be the location defaulted onto the imported requisition line. Previously, the first stores location available for the item would be imported.</li><li> If the user selects a Stores Location to which they do not have security access, an error will be reported on the Stores Location value and the imported requisition line will be saved as a draft.</li><ul>
530182 |  Requisition |  When clicking the Specification button in the Requisition Line Details, the Stores Specifications defined on the Configuration tab of the Item were not visible. That issue has been corrected, such that any item having Stores Specifications will have that information displayed in the popup. If no Stores Specifications are defined, that field will continue to be hidden from view in the popup.  
533104  |  Work Order |  In the requisition module, users having "Update-Maint Tech" security access for the given requisition type were being prevented from deleting requisition lines created by users having "Update-Full" access. As part of the phase-out of Maintenance Tech security from EAM, the Delete Line feature has been updated so that users must have Update-Full access to the requisition type. Users having only Maint Tech security will not be able to delete any lines, and a message will be displayed alerting the user that full update access is required.  
533237 |  Setup |  The obsolete setup option "Storage Container Name" has been removed under "Settings" in EAM Options.  
538292  |  Work Order |  When completing a work order on the Completion tab, the Completed By value defaults to the user logged in and may be changed. When changed, the new value was previously not reflected in the Completed By field as displayed in the Work Order Search -- instead, the user logged in at the time of completion was displayed. To resolve this issue, the Completion Event for the work order has been updated so that the Completed By value entered by the user is recorded properly, allowing it to be displayed in the Completed By field available in Work Order Search.  
539342  |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Item Data Loader: The behavior of date_last_counted has been updated, with corresponding updates to the field instructions in the template. When a date is provided, that date will be used. When no date is provided, the current date will be used as the date_last_counted.  
539470  |  Purchase Order |  In Work Order Search, the Cost Posting tool ribbon item previously opened a new tab. This item has been modified so that cost posting information will display in a panel at the bottom of the Work Order Search when selected.  
539471  |  Work Order |  Task Manager - Print WO: The delivered query "Batch Work Order Print" has been updated so that the criteria includes the condition that the work order status must be between 60 and 69. This restriction was previously applied behind the scenes, such that it wasn't apparent to the user. Additionally, the print criteria popup has been modified so that both public and private queries can be used to print work orders.  
540115  |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Work Order Dataloader: an issue has been corrected in which work orders marked as historical_load = yes would not get the long_description provided loaded into the work order comments.  
541319  |  Setup |  Adds window name "mob_worker_time_reporting" and associated security actions in Window Access for Mobile Technician.  
541608  |  Inventory |  Corrects an issue in Count Item when accessed from the Item Search for a serialized item having multiple locations and bins. Previously, the Save button did not enable after changing the location/bin.  
542257  |  Security |  Corrects an issue in Security Group Window Access in which the pop out icon did not properly expand the screen for security group names containing special characters.  
543569 |  Query Wizard |  In query setup, multi-selected criteria values chosen from a search popup will be automatically selected the next time the search popup is opened for the query. Previously, no prior selections were reflected when the popup opened.  
544997  |  Task Manager  |  Task Manager - Query Report: Previously, the module name list would not be populated unless Cloud Print was enabled for the plant. This restriction has been removed.  
546398  |  Tenant Portal |  Tenant Portal - Manage Companies: corrects an issue in which an error message would be received when attempting to delete an App in the Apps contextual pane.  
547423 |  Purchase Order |  When the Purchasing Interface was enabled in the module setup, the ECatalog Errors Search and PO Receipts menu items were missing from the Purchasing menu. These menu options are now available to users with the proper security access when Purchasing Interface is enabled.  
547434 |  Purchase Order |  When the Purchasing Interface was enabled, menu items for New Purchase Order, Create Blanket Lines, and Update Blanket Pricing were available on the tool ribbon in the Purchase Order Search screen for users granted access to those features. Those menu items are not applicable to plants using the Purchasing Interface and are now hidden in all cases when the purchasing interface is enabled.  
547445  |  Invoice |  Removes the Invoice Interface option from Module Availability, as this option does not activate any features in EAM.  
548648  |  Tenant Portal |  Tenant Portal - Manage Companies - Apps: Corrects an issue in which an error would be received when attempting to delete a group from an app.  
548836  |  Requisition |  Ensures that items imported into a requisition from a supplier e-catalog are created in draft mode when any required field has no default value available. The user must edit the line and fill all required values prior to saving.  
549140  |  Task Manager |  Task Manager: When no translation is available in the user's language, English text will be displayed. This corrects an issue in which some buttons and options appeared to be missing when no translated text was available.  
549274  |  Setup |  In the Window/screen specific Table Element Settings in Setup, overriding a field as not Used automatically turns off the Validated toggle, since unused fields cannot be validated. This modification also clears the values in the "Dropdown Display Mode" and "Element Type" fields when "Used" is disabled.  
549494  |  EAM Mobile |  EAM Mobile: In the Select Plant/Database screen, the Clear Cache button has been changed to "Refresh Database Selection". This option refreshes the list of available databases and allows the user to make a selection.  
549653 |  Tenant Portal |  Application Launch screen: The icons for EAM Mobile and Analytics have been updated.  
550639  |  Query Wizard |  When removing a query from Public Access for a security group in Query Setup, the removal was not saved in some cases and the queries would still appear as available to users in those groups. This issue has been corrected.  
551031  |  Tenant Portal |  Manage Users: Corrects an issue in which the Last Access Date was empty for all users. The field now properly displays the last access date and time for the associated user.  
551226 |  Tenant Portal |  Manage Companies: In the Groups contextual panel, a Remove option has been added to allow deletion of unused groups. If the selected group is in use, an error message will display upon selection of Remove.  
553614  |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Equipment Data Loader: The instructions have been provided without Workbook Protection enabled, allowing the instructions to be opened without errors or warnings.   
553644  |  Dashboard |  The Action Center/Dashboard widgets have been updated to display all numeric values centered on the tile.  
554339  |  Task Management |  Portal - Application Launch screen: The icon for Task Management has been updated.  
554641  |  Setup |  Corrects an issue in which cost period dates were not saved correctly for date formats beginning with the day of the month, for example, dd-mm-yy.  
555141 |  Tenant Portal |  Tenant Portal - Manage Sync: In the Sync Status Details popup, the scroll bar was previously inaccessible. This issue has been corrected.  
557032  |  Query Wizard |  Private queries will now be identified with "[PrivateQuery]" in the query dropdown list on each of the available module search screens. This change allows private queries to be easily distinguishable from public queries.   
557047  |  Query Wizard |  This modification supports public and private queries with the same name. Previously, private queries could not be created with the same name as public queries (and vice versa), even in cases where the private query would be created for a user not having security access to the public query. To distinguish the queries in the query selection lists of search screens, in cases where the user has access to both a public and private query with the same name, a label identifying the private query has also been added by 557032.  
558181  |  Requisition |  Changes were made to allow the Work Order requester to be changed to a new value in cases where the original requester has been deleted from the Employee module. Prior to this modification, an error would be raised for the original value of the requester, indicating that the requester on the Work Order was invalid.  
559787  |  Events |  When linking an event to a work order in Events Search, a required fields message is displayed whenever the selected query does not contain all fields required for the action. That message has been updated to include the names of all missing fields.   
559790  |  Task Management |  Task Manager - Query Report: This modification corrects an issue in which the module name selected from the dropdown list would be retained for only some, but not all, module selections when scheduling the task. All module selections are now properly retained and are reflected the next time the task is opened for modification.  
561035  |  Equipment  |  Adds the ability to search by a translated description for each of the following: Equipment Description (Equipment Search), Serial Description (Serial Search), and Work Order Description (Work Order Search).  
562429  |  Employee  |  In the Employee module, the fields related to Repairables will be visible on the Configurations tab only when the option to Use Repairables Tracking is enabled in Setup. Fields that will be hidden when repairable features are not enabled include the Repair reviewer toggle, Repair approval limit, and Repair Requisition Default Reviewer.  
562594  |  Batch Processing |  Task Management - Query Report: The execution results are updated to reflect "Employee", rather than the obsolete term "Resource", when Employee is selected in the module drop-down.  
562618  |  Supplier  |  In the Addresses card of the Supplier module, turning off the Mailing designation for a given address also automatically turns off the Default Mailing designation for the address. Previously, a faulty error message was displayed in this case, alerting the user that the address cannot be used as the default mailing address unless it is defined as a mailing address. This issue has been corrected so that the Mailing designation can be properly removed for an address that is defined as the Default Mailing address.  
562642  |  Query Wizard |  Corrects an error in which a "query execution failed" error would display upon clicking the Inspection Results contextual icon from the search screens for Work Orders, Equipment, Serial, and Employee. This issue has been corrected so that the Inspection Results panel is properly displayed.  
562955  |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Inventory Data Loader: Previously, data loaded into a plant with Multiple Warehousing disabled would always be given a stores location of "main", as this is the single stores location available when multi-warehousing is not enabled. Additionally, the spreadsheet would be updated to reflect the location of "main" if some other location was specified in the spreadsheet. This functionality has been modified, such that attempting to load data into a location other than "main" will result in an error reported in the spreadsheet when multiple warehousing is not enabled.  
563273  |  Integration |  When Purchasing Interface is enabled in Module Availability, a purchasing interface numbering scheme will be set by default in the Purchasing Interface Setup Options. The default numbering scheme is by sequential number and will allow up to 10 digits.  
563379  |  Setup |  In Item Type Setup, the Obsolete item type will be delivered by default with the option "Do not show this type for selection in Req module" enabled in new plants. Additionally, the Obsolete item type numbering scheme in new plants will be set to "Manually assign numbers" by default.  
563580  |  Setup |  Corrected an issue in the Work Order where the Account dropdown was not properly filtering values in plants where Field Mapping Setup is used to create a relationship for Area, Department, and Account.  
563706  |  Documents  |  The length of the Storage Location field for Documents has been updated from 255 characters to 4000.  
564906  |  Purchase Order  |  This modification corrects an issue in the PO Line Details - Charges, in which the Percentage would be automatically set to 0 on the charge line upon leaving the Amount field when it contained a 0 value. The Percent value will now remain unchanged when the amount is 0, as the charges must total 100% for all PO lines, including those with 0 cost.  
565058  |  Query Wizard |  All Validation Codes and Query Setup modules will be available based on user security when the Purchasing Interface is enabled in module availability. Previously, several options were hidden with this module enabled.  
565606  |  Work Order |  Changes have been made to properly enforce required field settings on work order completion remarks (table name: eq_events_comments, element name: remarks). This modification applies to both the Work Order module within EAM and to EAM mobile.  
566121  |  Work Order |  The Inspection ID has been added as an available field in the Work Order Mass Update feature of the work order module.  
566189  |  Requisition |  This change corrects the behavior of the Package Qty field on the Requisition Line Details, such that the field is not visible on Work Order or Charge to Account requisitions where it was previously visible.  
568840  |  Query Wizard  |  This modification corrects an issue in Work Order query setup, in which an error message would be received when attempting to create or edit a query containing an apostrophe in the query name.  
572006 |  EAM Mobile |  When a work order is completed from Mobile Technician, the work order log activity comment has been updated to reflect "Technician" as the AppId used for completion.  
573269  |  Data Loader  |  Task Manager - Data Loader - Meters: A new Excel file has been provided containing updates to Meter History.  
573816  |  Query Wizard |  Changes were made to the field names displayed in Work Order query setup, to provide for greater uniqueness of fields named "Schedule Start Date" and "Scheduled Start Data", which were both visible in the Work Order table group. After the change, "Schedule Start Date" is now part of table group "Work Order Scheduling". Schedule Start Time has also been moved to the Work Order Scheduling group.  
573867  |  Query Wizard |  In the Item query setup, the display name of the field previously identified as "Description" in the "Item Documents" group is updated to "Document Description".  
539364  |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Item Data Loader: this change eliminates the error "Last Date Received is protected from update for plant" when setting the last_date_received in the data loader sheet. The table element settings for this field have been updated to reflect that updates are allowed (table in_item_location, element name last_date_received).

