---  

title: "What's New in 11.7"  
draft: false 
type: Article

--- 
  
## Feature

This section provides information on the new features introduced in 11.7
release.

### Scheduling

The Scheduling module has been introduced in EAM. The scheduling module
provides the ability to schedule work orders by craft, employee or both. Craft
scheduling allows the user to visually plan for the week to ensure enough
workers are available for the shift. Employee scheduling also gives a visual
indication of how many work orders are assigned to a employee. It shows time
off and overtime for employees and for a shift.

Reports are available to show craft schedule, employee assignment or employee
day planner.

### PM Forecasting Feature

Introducing the Forecast PM capability, which allows users to proactively plan
routine work, including planned parts, and labor, based on historical data.
Users can create forecast scenarios for a specified period for both time based
and meter based option, with the system automatically selecting all available
PM schedules for consideration.

**Key Features:**

  1. **Scenario Creation** :

     * Users can create forecast scenarios for a defined period.

     * The system identifies and includes all relevant PM schedules for consideration.

  2. **Schedule Management** :

     * Users have the flexibility to add new schedules or remove existing ones not needed for the forecast.

  3. **Forecast Generation** :

     * Once schedules are finalized, users can generate forecast data.

     * The forecast data can be downloaded in Excel format, providing detailed information.

  4. **Analytics and Metrics** :

     * Users can view summary data in the analytics module with predefined metrics out of the box such as ‘Forecasted Material Usage’ and ‘Forecasted Craft Usage’

This feature streamlines the forecasting process, enabling efficient planning
and resource allocation based on historical PM schedule data.

### New PM Schedule Time Configuration Options

We've expanded the configuration capabilities for PM schedules to provide more
flexibility in scheduling. Users can now choose from the following options:

  1. **Daily** :

     * Every weekday

     * Every 'x' days

  2. **Weekly** :

     * Specify days-of-week (e.g., Monday, Tuesday) for every week

  3. **Monthly** :

     * "x" day of every "y" month

     * 1st/2nd/3rd/4th/last, "x" day of the week {MON-SUN} of every "y" month

  4. **Annual** :

     * Every year on "x" day of the "y" month

     * Every year on the 1st/2nd/3rd/4th/last, "x" day of the week {MON-SUN} of the "y" month

### Depreciation

Introducing a new functionality that enables the calculation and inclusion of
Asset Depreciation costs in the overall equipment cost.

Now, a dedicated field has been introduced to input the depreciation
percentage for each piece of equipment in the Equipment main tab under the
purchase header. When both the original cost and depreciation percentage are
specified for an equipment item, the system will automatically compute the
depreciation value. This calculated depreciation value will be displayed in
the equipment financial tab, aggregated for a specified period. Users also
have the option to manually input the depreciation value if needed.

### Query Wizard

**Support for Dynamic Variables** :

Introducing the ability to utilize variables based on other data within
queries, enabling more dynamic and personalized conditions. For example, users
can employ expressions like "where equipment.department = logged-in-
user.department" or perform calculations such as "where QOH < 90% * maximum."

**Enhanced Magic Values** :

To further facilitate the creation of generic queries, additional out-of-the-
box magic values have been incorporated apart from existing ‘LoggedInUser’ and
‘today’. These values simplify query creation and include:

  * BeginOfWeek

  * BeginOfLastWeek

  * BeginOfMonth

  * BeginOfLastMonth

  * BeginOfQuarter

  * BeginOfYear

These enhancements provide users with a powerful tool-set to create more
sophisticated and context-aware queries within the system.

### Inspection Configuration

Introducing Inspection Setup in EAM, where users can seamlessly manage
inspection-related settings. This includes:

  1. **Creating Inspection Templates** :

     * The system facilitates the creation of inspection templates, establishing a standardized framework for conducting inspections.

     * Users can define one or many points by choosing relevant inputs, such as validation codes, checkboxes, and numeric values.

     * User can assign a standard request template to overall inspection template or to an individual point that would be used to create follow up Work Order upon a failed inspection.

     * Inspection templates offer the flexibility of assignment to either one or multiple equipment, allowing users to adapt inspections to individual equipment or apply them broadly across all equipment.

     * To assist users, we have included two sample inspection templates out of the box, providing a foundation for creating custom templates.

  2. **Viewing Inspection Templates** :

     * Users can view and manage inspection templates, ensuring clarity and consistency in the inspection process.

This setup empowers users to define and organize inspection-related elements,
enhancing the overall efficiency and structure of inspection activities within
the EAM system.

### Document Management System (DMS)

The Document Management functionality within the application comprises the
following key capabilities:
1. **Document Search and Viewing:**
     * The application allows users to easily view documents stored in the database, promoting accessibility and retrieval.
2. **Document Upload and Version Update:**
   * Users can upload new documents to the system.
   * Existing documents can be updated with the latest versions, ensuring accuracy and relevance.
  3. **Linking Documents:**
      * Users have the flexibility to link documents to specific identifiers, including Equipment ID, Serial ID, Work Order, and various Validation Codes such as Area, Department, Equip/Serial Class, ISO 9000, Item Class, and Mechanical Integrity.
      * Linked documents are securely stored in the database, providing structured associations.

## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

Bug ID/ Case ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
517237 | Setup | In Setup, some of the configurations under EAM Options have been moved to a more appropriate category. Specifically, options under "Settings" were moved to Mobile Stores, Cloud Printing, Session Management, Equipment, or Query Wizard. Additionally, options associated with legacy Technician and Requester features have been moved to Mobile Technician and Mobile Stores.  
519096 | Equipment | In plants where the Work Order Setup option "Automatically place uninstalled assets in a spares holding location" is enabled, the Location Status field is available in the Equipment module. An issue has been corrected which would prevent saving changes to the equipment after the Location Status on the equipment had been deleted from Validation Codes.   
524385 | Hierarchy | The Equipment Hierarchy has been modified such that new parts added to the hierarchy are inserted at the bottom of the hierarchy rather than at the top by default. If the new part should not be added to the bottom of the hierarchy, any existing part can be selected prior to insertion of the new part, to specify the placement of that part in the hierarchy. In this case, the new part will be added directly below the selected part.  
528041 | Setup | In Validation Codes, the Mobile Status Color selection for the Work Order Status codes was not successfully saved, such that the color assigned a given status was not displayed upon opening a previously saved status for editing. This issue has been corrected.   
529691 | Tenant Portal | Tenant Portal: In Manage Users, Activity Type "SessionKill" has been added to the activities displayed in the Activity Log panel. This activity displays for the selected user ID after that user has killed a user session in Session Management.   
529692  | Tenant Portal | In Manage Users, the Activity Type "LoginDenied" is added to the activities displayed in the Activity Log panel for a selected user. The reason for the denial will be noted in the Comments field, for example when the login is denied because the user is inactive.  
529921  | Requisition | In the Requisition module, a list of available Stores Locations is provided after entry of an item number for items tracked in the Inventory module. Previously, the list of Stores Locations included all locations defined for the item in the Inventory module. This correction filters the list of Stores Locations to include only the defined locations where the current user has security access.  
529925 | Requisition | Improvements were made for the duplicate item warning message that is displayed during manual entry or import of an item for a new requisition line.  
531341 | Requisition | In the Requisition module, the Delete Requisition action will fail when any line on the requisition is ineligible for deletion, for example when lines are already approved or transferred to a purchase order. Prior to this change, all failed lines displayed all reasons for failure in the error message upon selection of Delete Requisition, which resulted in an extensive message list on large requisitions with multiple lines ineligible for deletion. This change consolidates the errors into a single easy-to-read message that reports on all line numbers that are ineligible for deletion. As before this change, the presence of any line that is ineligible for deletion will prevent deletion of the requisition.  
532756 | Tenant Portal | Tenant Portal: In the Load Users panel of Manage Company, the Export button that downloads the results of a load operation was available at all times, including before a spreadsheet for upload was selected. This change disables the Export button until after a spreadsheet has been uploaded, such that the button will be enabled only when results are displayed in the grid.  
533326 | Inventory | In the Inventory module, the Create New Item feature allows a new inventory item to be created by copying from an existing item. This feature has been modified to properly use the Item Type selected in the Create Inventory Item screen when a new item is created by copying; previously, the Item Type selected was ignored and the item type of the "copy from" item was used to create the new item.   
534077 | Query Wizard | In Query Setup, editing was prohibited on multiple "out of the box" queries that should have allowed editing. Each of those queries has been modified to allow updates, including "Equipment Cost Summary", "SYSCON_EventsEquipmentSerial", and "WOs Completed Last 90 Days".  
536602 | Integration | If the plant has either Purchasing or Purchasing Interface enabled in Module Availability, the Supplier, Purchasing, and Buyers Backlog module options are available on the EAM main menu, dependent on user security access for those features. If neither Purchasing or Purchasing Interface are enabled, these modules and features are unavailable. Prior to this change, the Suppliers module could not be accessed when only the Purchasing Interface was enabled.   
537892 | Setup | In EAM Setup, a default value of 70 has been added for the MobileApp module option "Set WO Status to this value upon Completion".   
205926 | Query Wizard | For Equipment Search, a new "All Equipment" query has been added "out of the box", with access given to the AllAcccess, Work Requester, and Work Technician groups by default. Public access was also given to additional queries for the Equipment Module: By Area, By Department, and SYS Mobile Equipment List.  
255387  | Employee | In the Employee module, the Create New Employee feature has been modified such that the Main and Configurations tabs are both enabled during initial creation of an employee, to allow any required fields on the Configurations tab to be filled prior to saving. The same modification has been made when entering Edit mode for an employee, such that clicking Edit enables both tabs. Likewise, Save affects both tabs in Create and Edit modes.  
468913 | PM Schedule  | In PM Schedule Search, the "Generate PM Work Orders" option checks whether the PM generation task is already running in the given plant before executing, to prevent two processes from running at the same time. When PM Generation is already running, an error message is displayed and the process will not be executed from the PM Search screen; however, this message was displaying periodically even when PM Generation was not already running, indicating that the status of PM generation was not properly reset at the end of the previous execution (for example, if the server was not responding). To allow the PM generation status to be properly reset from within EAM, a new secured action for the PM Search window has been added, "CheckPMRunningStatus". Users with security access to this action will have a new "Check PM Running Status" option available on the PM Search tool ribbon. When this option is selected, the status of PM generation will be obtained. If the task is not already in a running state, the message "No PM Schedule job is running at this moment" will be displayed; otherwise, a message including the job start date and time will display to indicate that the job is in a running state, and the user will be given the option to reset the state of the job. 

