---  

title: "What's New in 11.8.1 "  
draft: false 
type: Release Note

---
  
The **Shift Log** functionality is designed for customers to record shift
events, ensuring auditable and historical records, facilitating shift
handovers, and enhancing visibility into shift activities. To support this, we
have several components available: shifts and calendars for advanced
scheduling, an events module with a long description field, and the ability to
incorporate custom element types with long descriptions.

Our goal is to establish a connection between **Events** and **Shift** and
calendar dates as a cohesive module. This will allow shift log events to be
linked to specific shifts and calendar dates, providing the ability to view,
Edit, Search, Delete, and Add events. Additionally, this functionality will
support multiple events being associated with a single shift and calendar
date.

We have introduced several enhancements to the Inspection module. Key updates
include the addition of an equipment/serial field for each inspection point
and the ability to group points by equipment. The inspection search
functionality now supports searching for equipment on inspection points. The
query wizard has been updated to allow searching for and adding
equipment/serial columns for points. A contextual icon has been added to the
**Equipment** module, which displays all inspection points and inspections for
the asset (EAM). Additionally, we've added the capability to create follow-up
work orders for linked equipment on failed inspections.

Translation capabilities have been significantly extended beyond just labels
and messages. **Validation codes**, **Queries**, and **Widgets** are now
translatable. A fallback mechanism has been implemented to enhance user
experience. If user language translations are not available, the system will
fall back to plant-level translations, and if still unavailable, it will
default to American English. A new utility has been introduced to streamline
the process of copying label and message translations. This utility allows
copying translations from the base language format LANG-EAM-Plant to the
derived language **LANG-EAM-XXX** , where LANG represents the language name
and XXX represents the plant. This feature ensures that all necessary
translations are efficiently managed and applied.

## Enhancements

The section provides the information on the enhancements in this release:

ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
451280 |  Equipment |  Three new secured contextual icons have been added for Equipment and Serial: Work Orders, Issued Materials, and CCA Details. <ul><li>Work Orders: Displays all open and closed work orders for the selected Equipment or Serial ID. </li><li>Issued Materials: Displays issues and returns for the selected Equipment or Serial for the past two years. </li><li>CCA Details: CCA codes are displayed for the completed work orders associated with the selected Equipment or Serial during the past two years.</li><ul>
  590199 |  Task Manager |  Task Manager- Query Report: A drop-down list has been added for the Query Name field, which will display the available queries for the module after selection of a Module Name.   
  
## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

Bug ID/ Case ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
577470 |  Scheduling |  A new Setup option, "SchedulingTimeSlot", has been added to EAM Options for the Scheduling module. This option allows the time slot view to be configured in the calendar, with the default value set to display the calendar in 30-minute increments. The default value set for the plant will display at the top right of the Schedule Work screen, where the value may be changed to update the calendar view in the current scheduling session. Once the current session is closed, the value will revert to the plant default the next time the Schedule Work screen is opened.  
192369 |  Dashboard |  This modification to the query engine affects the manner in which the Plant criterion is added to queries at run-time.<ul><li> When the current user does not have multi-plant query access, the currently logged in plant will be automatically added to the query execution at run time if Plant is not already defined on the Criteria tab in Query Setup.</li><li> When the user has multi-plant query access, it will apply only when the current query does not include Plant on the Criteria tab in query setup. Any query containing Plant as a criterion will return results only for a specific plant. <ul></li>
546398 |  Portal |  Tenant Portal - Manage Companies: Corrects an issue in which an error message would be received when attempting to delete an App in the Apps contextual pane.  
552118 |  Migration |  Displays the document Source as a ready-only field when editing a linked document.  
562654 |  Equipment |  Adds two new fields, current_cost_value and depreciation_percent, to the Table Element Settings for eq_purchase in Setup.  
572389 |  Scheduling |  In Schedule Employee, the work order description has been added to the hover over text for work assignments.  
572422 |  Requisition |  The work order number has been added as a visible field in the both the grid and the editable form of the Charges card on the Requisition Line Details. This field will be visible only on Work Order type requisitions and is display-only. Additionally, the field has been added to the Window Level Settings for REQ_CHARGES_INFO and REQ_CHARGES_FORM_INFO in Setup.  
573812 |  Query Wizard |  The Work Order module sys query "Old Work Requests" has been modified to return data only for work orders of type "Emergency" and "Routine".   
583923 |  Mobile |  Corrects an issue with work order completion in EAM Mobile, such that the work order completion event and the employee completing the work order are now properly recorded.  
585995 |  Setup |  In Edit Preferences, the option to copy requisition line data from the previous line has been changed from a check box to a toggle.  
588382 |  Inventory |  The inventory adjustment screen has been corrected such that it no longer allows negative values to be entered for Actual Qty On Hand.  
588383 |  Inventory |  The Locations and Bins card in Inventory has been modified such that a maximum of 15 characters may be entered for the Bin name.  
588386 |  Requisition |  A modification has been made to requisition line entry, which will provide a default value for Stores Location when all of the following are true:<ul><li> The current user does not have a default Stores Location set in Edit Preferences. If a default location exists for the user, it will be set on all lines.</li><li>A default value cannot be set based on equipment location for a Work Order requisition. </li><li>The requisition is not associated with a PM-Master Plan or Standard Request work order, where the Stores Location is optional.</li><li> The Item Type of the requisition line item is defined as Permanent or Temporary in Inventory Setup.</li><li> Only one Stores Location is available for the item entered or selected, based on the intersection of inventory locations and user security. In this case, the one Stores Location that is available will be provided as the default.</li><ul>
588962 |  Equipment, Work Order |  When the latest meter reading for an equipment meter is deleted, the values of Last Reading and Last Reading Date/Time will be updated to reflect the latest remaining reading.   
590531 |  Purchase Order |  Previously, both the inventory item description and the PO line-item description were available in Query Setup for the Stores Activity module. The description from the PO line would rarely be useful, given that most transactions do not have a purchase order associated, so the field has been removed.   
590994 |  Purchase Order |  Corrects an issue on the Purchase Order document in which the Mail To address was displayed based on the first alphabetical address code for the supplier. Following this change, the address is properly displayed as the Mail To address for the supplier as defined on the purchase order.  
592469 |  Dashboard |  Corrects an issue in which a widget created from a query would sometimes display a blank screen after clicking on the widget, for example when a special character is included in the query name. Following this modification, the query screen will be properly opened and displayed.  
592544 |  Query Wizard |  The Date Extracted previously displayed only the date portion of the data value in the Stores Activity module query results. The field has been updated such that it now displays both the date and time.  
593441 |  Mobile |  EAM Mobile - Reject Work Order: The action has been modified to set the Next Reviewer on the work order after the rejection, as is already done when rejecting a work order via Status Change and Approval in EAM.  
593659 |  Work Order |  Corrects an issue in which work orders would not print when non-Unicode characters were present in the work order instructions.  
594429 |  Purchase Order |  Corrects an issue in which Purchase Order Search data could not be exported, due to the presence of non-ASCII characters in the line item description.  
594676 |  WorkOrder |  The following changes have been made to both Work Order Resources and Time Entry in the work order module:<ul><li> The Occurrence field is protected in both new and edit mode. </li><li> The Craft field is protected in edit mode.</li><ul>
595249 |  Portal |  Tenant Portal - Manage Sync: this correction provides proper syncing of mobile-only users, without any EAM licenses.  
596565 |  Scheduling |  In EAM Scheduling, a modification has been made to Manage Shifts such that changing the available hours for a shift after its start and end times have been defined will not recalculate the end time of the shift. For example, this allows a shift to be set for 8 hours, with available hours < 8 once breaks have been included.  
597095 |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Data Loader: the restriction requiring the year of date values to be >= 1900 has been removed.  
597423 |  Inventory |  Corrects usage of the Inventory Repairables Setup options "Status After Restock" and "Status After Scrap", such that the defined statuses will be applied to the associated work order following a restock or scrap only when there are no more open repairs against it.  
600673 |  Query Wizard |  In query results, totals for a query with groupings could previously be viewed only while the group was collapsed. This modification allows the total to also be viewed while the groups are fully expanded.  
601698 |  Inspection |  Corrects an issue in which the Model and Manufacturer associated with equipment was not being displayed on the Inspection PDF.  
604324 |  Query Wizard |  The "All Active Employees" query included by default for the Employee module has been modified to specifically filter the query to include only those employees where the Active flag is enabled.  
604335 |  Task Management |  Security access to the out-of-the-box "Batch Work Order Print" query in the Work Order module has been added for the TaskExecution security group. This will allow the query to be executed from within the Task Manager by default.

