---  

title: "What's New in 11.8 "  
draft: false 
type: Release Note

---
  
## Features

EAM’s plant and configuration copy utility has been moved into the
application, and can be executed by the user. Previously, these utilities had
to be executed by professional services and Tech Hub, involving collaboration
requests, wait times of days, and project management to see it through. The
user can now initiate this copy from EAM, directly, without requiring Aptean
resources. These copy utilities allow customers to refresh their test
environment with production data, and copy implementation configurations
established in the test environment into the production environment for go-
live.

Powerful enhancements have been added to the Query Wizard tool. The Query
Wizard is an end user reporting tool to extract data from EAM without
requiring any reporting skills. Users can now create computed virtual columns
in their query reports, and can apply criteria logic using database column
content.

Error messaging and the user help framework have been enhanced to support
larger text fields, HTML formatted text, and embedded URL links in error
messages which take the user to the page in EAM where errors can be corrected,
or help can be accessed.

Currently, EAM decides a user’s language based on a user configuration. This
release adds a plant default language configuration, which allows the customer
to define the preferred language for all users in the plant, without requiring
each user to select that language. This is important for EMEA and ROW
customers who do not want to use English as their standard application
language.

EAM system now offers a 'compact' view option, enhancing the module details
screen by accommodating additional fields and minimizing scroll. Users can
also adjust font sizes and take advantage of the newly supported Dark Theme.

## Enhancements

The section provides the information on the enhancements in this release:

ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
521998  |  Query Wizard |  In Query Wizard Setup, three new fields have been added to the query listing, which previously displayed only the Query Name and Description for all queries available for the selected module. The three new fields are: <ul><li> Public Query: indicates whether the query was set up as Public (Yes) or Private (No) </li><li> SYS Query: displays whether the query is system-defined (indicated by a Yes value in the field) </li><li> Distinct Result: displays Yes when the "Merge similar rows" option is selected for the query in setup. </li></ul>
566927  |  WorkOrder  |  On the Completion tab of the Work Order, the Comments field has been added to the right side of the grid for Worker Time Reporting. This addition allows any comments entered to be viewed in the grid results.   
  
## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following table: <table>

Bug ID/ Case ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
279531  |  All |  The Work Order, Equipment, Serial, and Item searches have been updated to display translated descriptions when language translations are in use. The fields available for translation in these searches are WO Description, Equipment Description, Serial Description, and Item Specs Description. (Note: the "Item Specs Description" is available for selection in the Advanced View of Item Search query setup.).  
329510 |  Requisition |  This correction removes an empty row that previously appeared at the bottom of the search results for grouped queries, whenever the "Show Total" and "Show Row Count" options for the grouping were left unchecked in query Setup. The final row, which is used to display the total, will now appear at the bottom of the query results only when the "Show Total" option is selected for a grouped query in Setup.  
567671  |  Query Wizard |  The Repair Log module for queries has multiple out-of-the-box queries available, which are now provided to all environments where they were previously unavailable.  
567894 |  Security |  In Query Wizard Setup, security access to the following queries has been granted by default to the "Buyer" and "Procurement Mgr" security groups:<table>

|**Module** |**Query** |
|-|-|
Ready for Quote | Ready for Quote  
Ready for Purchase | Ready for Purchase  
Ready for Analysis | Ready for Analysis  
Ready for Shipment | Ready for Shipment  
Ready for Approval | Ready for Approval  
 Purchase Order | All Not Received Complete; Open Blanket Orders  
Purchase Order | All Purchase Orders; Open Issued Pos   
Purchase Order | Closed Purchase Orders; Open Purchase Orders  
Purchase Order | Expired Blanket Orders; Overdue Purchase Orders   
Purchase Order | Issued Purchase Orders; POs by Supplier 
</table>

Bug ID/ Case ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
569624 |  Equipment | A new out-of-the-box query has been provided for the Equipment module "Deleted Equipment". This query, which displays all equipment marked as deleted, is granted to the All Access security group by default.
572034  |  Tenant Portal |  When a new user is added from either Manage Users or the Load Users feature of Manage Company, the value entered for "IDP User Identifier" will now have any trailing spaces trimmed. This value, which is available for companies not using Aptean IDP, previously allowed trailing spaces to be entered and saved.  |
573239 |  Inventory |  In Cycle Count Details, the Employee field has been corrected to display the employee who created the batch. Previously, the user logged in was displayed at all times.  
577012  |  Requisition |  An error message has been added to both the Approve/Review and Cancel Approval features in the Requisition module, to notify the user whenever actions such as Approve or Review are attempted while required fields are missing from the selected query.   
577818  |  Inspection |  Technician: This modification corrects an issue in which an error would be displayed when attempting to perform an inspection against a work order. The error message indicated that the work order could not be downloaded because it was already in a downloaded status, even in cases where the download status had been cleared.  
588920  |  WorkOrder |  This modification corrects an issue in which a translated work order description would not be copied to the new work order when copying tasks and subtasks from a Standard Request.  
572003 |  Mobile |  This change delivers a single "Mobile Stores" security group by default, eliminating any other similarly named groups that were previously delivered.  
565609 |  Security |  EAM Mobile: Security groups for Mobile Requester, Mobile Technician, Mobile Stores, and Mobile Approver are made available by default.  
567903  |  Requisition |  The "Approve/Review" and "Cancel Approval" features of the requisition module formerly used a search query selection list that was shared with the Requisition Search. To better accommodate the need to restrict the search results in each feature to only those requisition lines that are eligible for approval/review or cancellation, the available query lists for these screens will no longer be shared with the Requisition module. Instead, two new modules have been added to Query Wizard Setup, "Requisition Approval" and "Requisition Cancel". Each of these modules has base queries provided, which are assigned to the "All Access" security group by default. Additionally, any existing security groups already having access to the Requisition module queries "Awaiting Approval" and "Cancelled Requisitions" are granted access to the new base queries.
