---  

title: "What's New in 11.9"  
draft: false 
type: Release Note

---
  
This release enhances the Shift Log by introducing a new 'LongText' custom
element for large, formatted text, and replacing the 'Area' field with a
configurable 'Zone' field. The 'Zone' field can now display options like ISO
9000, Mechanical integrity, and Criticality, based on admin selection. This
update ensures consistent labeling and validation across the system, including
Events, Equipment, and Query wizards. Additionally, escalations and default
queries have been updated to reflect the new zone data, streamlining shift
management and improving user experience.

This release features an enhanced process for updating translations for System
widgets, Public queries, and Printed reports through the application, offering
a more streamlined and user-friendly experience. All reports are now fully
translatable, including all the validation codes and descriptions.

## Enhancements

The section provides the information on the enhancements in this release:

ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
517573 |  Purchase Order |  In Purchase Order Receipts, the tool ribbon option to **Mark All items as complete** has been enhanced to allow two completion options. <br><li> When clicked, "**Mark All as Complete** " will continue to check the Received Complete box on every line on the PO. <li> Additionally, when the lines are eligible to be fully received (the PO is not a service contract, or it is a service contract but meets the conditions for receipts to be entered): <br>If any line has a **Qty Remaining** greater than or lesser than 0, a Yes/No message is displayed: "Do you want to receive the full Qty Remaining when marking the lines as Received Complete?"  If the user answers Yes:<ol><li> The **Qty Remaining** will be defaulted as the **Qty Received** on each line. If the user has entered a **Qty Received** on a given line, and that quantity does not match the calculated **Qty Remaining** , the user's entry will be overridden.<li> If the user has visited the Select Bins screen of any line, the values received into bins will be reset to 0, so that all quantity remaining will be received into the default bin for the Stores Location. 

  
  
## Resolved Issues

The issues that were addressed in this release are listed in the following
table:

ID |  Module |  Description  
---|---|---  
584459 |  Supplier |  This modification changes the way the recommended Supplier for a requisition line is defaulted, such that no unhandled error will be received if the item has suppliers associated but none of those suppliers specifically has rank = 1. Following this change, such an item will be treated the same as any other item with no rank 1 Supplier, such that no recommended Supplier will be provided by default on the requisition.  
584643  |  Data Loader |  The PM Schedule data loader has been modified to accept decimal values in the fields lead_unit, last_exec_unit and next_exec_unit. Previously, only integer values were allowed in these fields.  
585366  |  Query Wizard |  Three new out-of-the-box queries have been provided for Requisition Cancel.   <li> Cancel Approved Requisitions: returns all requisition lines eligible for cancellation. <li>Cancel My Approval: returns eligible requisition lines approved by the current user. <li>Cancel Another User's Approval: an Ask at Execution query that will prompt for a user ID, and return all lines eligible for cancellation that were approved by that ID.
586180  |  Inventory |  The allowable document size for uploaded documents has been increased from 10MB to 100MB. Any attempt to link a document larger than 100MB will display an error message indicating that the file is too large to be stored in the database.   
586273  |  Work Order |  Spell check is now active in the Completion Comments of the work order.   
588377  |  Work Order |  This modification enforces proper work order approvals for task and sub-task work orders in plants where the work order approval option is enabled in Setup. After this change, any attempt to set the status of a task or sub-task work order higher than the status at which approval is required, will be rejected if the associated base work order is not yet approved.   
592544 |  Query Wizard |  The Date Extracted previously displayed only the date portion of the data value in the Stores Activity module query results. The field has been updated such that it now displays both the date and time.   
594598 |  Dashboard |  On the dashboard, users are now prevented from deleting any widgets delivered with the application. Only customer-created widgets can be deleted.   
596655 |  Purchase Order |  On PO lines, values will be provided for Charges by default only during new PO creation, when the user added default charges for the purchase order. Charges will not be copied from the previous line at any time.   
597095 |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Data Loader: the restriction requiring the year of date values to be >= 1900 has been removed.  
601012  |  UX Personalization |  A new Aptean EAM logo has been added for the Dark theme.  
605325 |  Task Management |  Task Manager - Recalculate Equipment Costs: The error message displayed in the task execution details when a cost period is missing has been updated to include the specific year(s) having missing data.  
606107 |  Equipment |  In Cost Tracking on the Financial tab of Equipment, the fields have been re-ordered so that the most frequently used fields are displayed first. The modified order is: Labor, Stores Material, Nonstock, Tools, Other, Services, Production Lost.  
607043 |  Work Order |  In Validation Codes Setup for Job Functions, the unused delivered job function named "PM WO - from TW" has been removed.  
613783 |  Inventory |  This modification corrects an issue in which a Stores Activity query having Purchase Order as an Ask at Execution criterion would not retrieve any data for valid PO numbers.  
614363 |  Purchase Order |  Corrects a query execution issue for the Purchase Order module, which would result in the "Query execution failed" message being sent by the Query Report in Task Manager for some queries.  
615514 |  All |  Corrects an error on the Meta Subtype field for Inspection Points, which prevented data from saving properly.  
616292 |  Security |  This modification removes any user-applied filter when selecting a new module in Window Access for Security Groups. Automatic removal of any previously applied filter will allow all actions for the newly selected module to be displayed.  
620705 |  Work Order |  Corrects an issue in which the work order Instructions were not visible at times in a plant with data translations enabled.  
622063 |  Purchase Order |  For purchase orders where no Buyer value has been specified, the PO print document will display no value for the buyer. Previously, the first buyer available in Validation Codes was being displayed in error, in cases where no buyer was defined on the PO.  
622069 |  Purchase Order |  For purchase orders where no Buyer value has been specified, the PO print document will display no value for the buyer Email Address. Previously, a default email address from the employee module was being displayed in error.  
496986 |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Work Order data loader: When completing work orders in the data loader, the completion date was previously being saved to the database in error following a transaction failure, for example when cost periods are missing. This change corrects that issue such that the completion date will not be saved when a transaction fails.  
536333 |  Portal |  Task Manager - Users Data Loader: This enhancement allows multiple application groups to be assigned to a single user when loading users via spreadsheet. A new column, "Additional User Groups", has been added to the template for this purpose. The field, which is provided in addition to the existing "Group Code", allows entry of a comma-separated list of all additional groups to which the user should be assigned.  
556143 |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Data Loader: This change corrects an issue in which the "Uploaded By" field in the Data Loading Status would be empty under certain conditions. It will now always contain the name of the user logged in.  
559029 |  Portal |  This modification hides the tiles for any inactive portal groups on a user's Home page. Previously, the tiles for all groups assigned to the user were visible, without regard to active status.  
559832 |  Setup |  Corrects an UI issue in which the Window Description check box did not highlight properly in the Window Access setup for Security Groups.  
579887 |  Integration |  The Extended Description field in Requisition Line Details was modified such that any trailing spaces would be saved to the database as spaces without any HTML markup. Although no differences can be observed in the UI, the removal of the hidden markup is important for integrations, where the HTML may cause unexpected results.  
581517 |  Data Loader |  Task Manager - Codes Data Loader: This modification corrects an issue in which Freight Code or Payment Terms validation codes could not be deleted if the code value contained certain special characters.

