---  

title: "Employee Setup"  
draft: false 
type: Article

---


Users can represent an employee on the calendar as a color block to
distinguish between employees. This feature also enables users to schedule
overtime or for an employee on the calendar.

**Menu path** : Choose **Scheduling** > **Employee Setup** in the navigation
pane. An **Employee Schedule** window opens in a new tab.

>[!NOTE]
>Only active employees with a primary craft will be displayed in the grid.

## Action Bar

Select an **Employee** from the grid result to enable the buttons on the
action bar. The **Employee Schedule** window will remain open when you
navigate to another window using the action buttons.

Action Button | Function  
---|---  
Employee Exceptions | Manage exceptions such as holidays, time off or overtime.  
  
### Employee Exceptions

Enables users to schedule overtime or exceptions for an employee, such as
company holidays, and week off, etc.

**Add Exception**

  1. Choose **Scheduling** > **Employee Setup** in the navigation pane.

  2. Search for and select an **Employee** from the grid result.

  3. Click the **Employee Exceptions** button in the action bar. The **Employee Exceptions** window opens in a new tab.

>[!NOTE]
>Employee exceptions can be entered or viewed in either calendar or list
format. Click the **Calendar View** or **List View** action button in the
header to switch between them. The **Calendar View** defaults to the current
date; to change the month, use the **Next Month** ![](../assets/scheduling/image006.png)  or **Previous Month**  ![](../assets/scheduling/image007.png) buttons. In the Calendar view,
users can switch between **Month** , **Week** , and **Day** views by clicking
the respective buttons.

  4. To add a new exception, click the **Add exception** button or a specific date on the calendar. An **Employee Exception Details** pop-up opens.

  2. Check the **All Day** checkbox to set the exception as an all-day event. For partial-day events, ensure that the **All Day** check box is unchecked, and specify the **Start Date and Time** along with the **End Date and Time**.

  3. Enter the details in the **Description** field and then click the **Save** button.

  4. To edit an exception, click the entered **Exception** in the calendar view or list view. An **Employee Exception Details** pop-up opens. Make the changes in the required field, and then click **Update**.

  5. To delete an exception, click the entered **Exception** in the calendar view or list view. An **Employee Exception Details** pop-up opens, click **Delete** to remove it.

**Add Overtime**

  1. Follow the first three steps outline for add exceptions.

  2. To add overtime, click the **Add Overtime** button. An **Employee Overtime Details** pop-up opens.

  3. Check the **All Day** checkbox to set the overtime as an all-day event. For partial-day events, ensure that the **All Day** check box is unchecked, and specify the **Start Date and Time** along with the **End Date and Time**.

  4. Enter the details in the **Description** field and then click the **Save** button.

  5. To edit overtime, click the entered **Overtime** in the calendar view or list view. An **Employee Overtime Details** pop-up opens. Make the changes in the required field, and then click Update.

  6. To delete overtime, click the entered **Overtime** in the calendar view or list view. An **Employee Overtime Details** pop-up opens, click **Delete** to remove it.

>[!NOTE]
>All exceptions and overtime are displayed on the calendar, highlighted with
the assigned color code for the employee. Exceptions are denoted by a minus
symbol (-), while overtime is indicated by a plus symbol (+). Hovering over a
date reveals a box displaying the Employee's name, Start date, End date, and a
description of the exception. An exception or overtime entry can be easily
moved by dragging and dropping it to a different day on the calendar.
Additionally, it can be extended to cover multiple days by dragging it across
the calendar.

##  Contextual Panel

In the **Employee Schedule** window, select an **Employee** from the grid
result to enable the **Contextual Panel.** The **Employee Schedule** window
remains open when you navigate to other windows using the **Contextual
Panel**.

**Color** : Users can distinguish employees by using a color code. An employee
will be represented on the calendar as a distinctive color block.

  1. Choose **Scheduling** > **Employee Setup** in the navigation pane.

  2. Search for and select the **Employee** from the grid result.

  3. Click the **Color** icon in the contextual panel; an **Employee Details** window opens on the right-side panel.

  4. To set the color, click **Edit** > **Color** drop-down.

  5. A color field with various options will be displayed in rows. Click or drag to select a specific color, then click **Save**.

