---

title: "Add an RFQ"
draft: false
type: Article

---

You can add an RFQ in two stages: First, add the vendor information, and second, add the items.

**To add an RFQ**

1. Open the **Request For Quote (RFQ)** page.

    - Select **Production Management** > **Production Transactions** > **Purchasing** > **Request For Quote**.

        Or

    - Search for **RFQ** or **Request For Quote** in the **Navigation box** and then select **Request For Quote**.

       The **Request For Quote (RFQ)** page appears.

2. By default, the **Request For Quote** tab is selected and displayed.

3. Set up the RFQ:

    1. Click **New** on the **Toolbar**.

        Or

    2. To base the request for quotation on another request for quotation:

        1. Click **Copy**.

        2. Select **Request For Quote** from the list.

            The **Copying Request For Quote** window appears.

        3. Select a row and click **Select**. Or, double-click to select the row.

            Click **Cancel** to exit from the **Copying Request For Quote** window.

            Or

            Type the **RFQ Number** in the blank area at the top of the grid to filter the required value. This is a unique number generated by the system. It is a 9 digit number with no suffix.

4. **Return To**: This area identifies the company to whom the completed quote should be sent. This is the current active Made2Manage company logged into the session. If the **Company**, **Address**, **City**, **State**, **Zip**, **Country**, and **Currency** boxes do not automatically fill in, type your company's information into them.

5. Add the quotation information:

    1. The **RFQ Date** automatically populates the system date. This is the day on which the RFQ is raised. However, you can modify the date.

    2. Type the vendor's requisition number in the **Requisition No** box, and type your requisition date in the **Requisition Date** box. If you are still working with the requisitions you can check for the information in this tab. This is the document date and number based on which the RFQ is raised.

    3. Type the initials of the individual requesting the quotation in the **Requested By** box. However, this field can be modified.

6. **Source Document**: If the RFQ is a **Copy** from either a **Quote** or **Sales Order**, the **Source Document No** field will hold that number. The label changes depending on the **Document** type.

    An RFQ can have only one demand document.

7. Set closing information:

    Type the date by which you want the quotation returned in the **Return By** box Or this is the date by which the vendors have to submit response for the quote. This date should be greater or equal to the RFQ date.

8. **Status:** Displays the status of the RFQ. There are three defined statuses:

   - *Open* - Have sent the RFQ to the vendors.

   - *Started* - The RFQ is created in this status.

   - *Cancelled*.

9. Click **Save** to keep the item.

    This will automatically generate the **Request For Quote Number** as well as the **Return To** company.

    It pulls the vendors associated with the part from the **Item Master** > **Vendors** tab.

    The **Vendor List** is automatically listed with the **Vendor** number and **Vendor Name** for the respective **Parts List**.

    The lower section of the **Request For Quote** tab is the **Parts list** and the **Vendor list** section. You must select one part and one vendor in order for the RFQ to be valid and for you to change the status from *STARTED* to *OPEN*.

10. The **Item list** section lists all the parts which the RFQ has requested. These parts can either be active standard or non-standard parts. The source can only be Buy and/or Buy to Stock.

11. The **Vendor list** section is a list of vendors to whom the RFQ is sent. This list is for the vendors listed on the **Item Master Vendor** tab associated with the part in the **Part List** section.

    It can consist of active vendors regardless if the vendor is attached to the part on **Item Master** > **Vendors** tab.